                           Aftermath
                           ---------

Leader lay on the ground, exhausted, watching in disbelief as the
Pup slowly walked up the little mound -- obviously he hadn't yet
fully recovered either.  "Not finished"?  What did the Pup mean?
What was so important about this mound?  Another wolf trotted by
and fell in behind the Pup.  Younger Sister, apparently recovered.
Leader watched as both wolves went up the little hill.

Oh, but _this_ is a fine thing! thought Leader, being very careful
to keep it only to himself and not let it out via the pack's
telepathy.  A fine thing, indeed!  My two youngest pups continue
on while I, their _Leader_, lie here unable to move?!  I'd never
hear the end of it!  And he roused himself, grimacing with the
effort.  Elbows, hands, knees, and finally, painfully, on his
feet.  He retrieved his halberd from the Dancer's carcass and
followed the two pups up the hill.

Keeper was no longer screaming, Gaea be praised, but he still
groaned loudly in his pain.

_Rikard_? queried Leader.

Keeper didn't answer.  From Shamaness came no specific words, but
a strong, general feeling of worry.

_Natalia_?

_Be_fine_, answered Older Sister, still a few kilometers to the
rear at the original battle site.

Leader promised himself that he would see to them soon.  First,
see this thing, whatever it was, to the end.

With every step up the hillock, the Pup's anxiety increased.  It
was only by the sheerest force of will that he managed to put one
paw in front of the other.  That he must go up there was certain,
he somehow knew.  But he didn't know why, and most of all he
didn't know why he should feel such an irrational, inexplicable
_fear_ of it.

            Liar.  You know exactly why you need to go up there
            and you know exactly what you will find when you do.

            No!  I do not!

            Denial.  You have foreseen this.  And now you must
            see it.

            No.

            Do not falter now.  Confront your worst fear.

            No!

He was unaware that he was standing still until he felt a soft
nudge on his face.  He opened his eyes.  They were filled with
water, and so the image of his pack sister was a little blurry
at first.  Her wolfen features regarded him with concern and
confusion.

_Little_brother_?

The Pup just stood there.  The memory was coming back to him
despite his best effort to suppress it.  He noticed now that he
was just below the lip of the little hill.  One more step and
he'd be able to see over the top.  He began to tremble.

_Marc_?

A clawed hand rested gently on his head.  The Pup looked up into
Leader's crinoid face.  "The dream, Pup, isn't it?"  If any other
humanoid being had been there, they would have heard a much-
garbled version of that sentence, but another Garou understood it
perfectly.

Pup nodded, still trembling.

Leader nodded back.  "Shamaness told me.  I don't understand your
bond to this thing.  I cannot explain to you why you feel it and
the rest of us do not.  We can puzzle it out later.  But right
now, I need you to guide us.  You're not alone.  I'm right here
with you."

_Here_too_! chimed in Younger Sister, and she licked his face.

Leader smiled at her and then turned back to the Pup.  "Come.
Let's end this now together."

Pup nodded and composed himself.  And took the deliberate last
step up the hill.

The top of the mound turned out to be the lip of a bowl.  And
there, down in the center of the depression, stood The Thing.
Straight out of the Hell of his dream it came.  It was the "Wyrm
Tree", from the dream in which his packmates died right before
his eyes.  Died attacking this monstrous Wyrmling.

The Pup was beginning to hyperventilate.  "Easy now, Pup,"
reassured Leader.  "Eaaaaasy.  Focus!  Tell us what you see."

The Pup closed his eyes and forced himself to relax, slow his
breathing.  Then he opened them again and looked at It.

It was the Tree-Thing, all right.  But how strange ... he saw
now that it was not the same as in his dream.  The Dream-Tree had
been large and omnipotent.  But if "tree" it was, why, then this
one was only a "sapling".  It had the same physical structure --
"roots" in the ground, a "trunk" for a body, and tentacled
"branches" -- but it was small.

_Young_, he thought.  _It_is_young_.

Leader nodded.  "What else, Pup?"

_It_is_...

He narrowed his eyes with concentration.  Something...

_Weak_!

But that wasn't all of it.  More to-the-point, it was...

_Dying_!

And with that, the Pup bolted away from the others and slid down
the sides of the bowl, down toward the Wyrm Sapling.

After a moment's hesitation, Sister and Leader slid down after
him.

They ringed it, being careful to stay out of the reach of the
tentacles -- "sapling", "weak", or "dying", it was still Wyrm --
and regarded it up close.

_It's_hungry_,_continued_Pup_.__Starving_.

"What does it want?" asked Leader.

_Blood_.__Sacrifice_.

"The villagers?"

_Yes_.__Dying_without_.

"Should we attack it?  Finish it?"

_No_.__Almost_gone_now_.

Indeed, even Leader and Sister could now see the creature
withering before their eyes.  And so they waited as it
deteriorated.  When it no longer moved and the remains of its
tentacled tree-body were a dried-out husk, it began to dissolve
into dust.

At which point the Pup began to dig in the ground right around
it.  Sister and Leader joined in.

_Roots_? queried Leader.

Pup nodded.

And so they dug all around it.  Every time they uncovered
"roots", they would stop, and the roots would wither and dissolve
right before their eyes.  They dug until they found no more,
going deep and wide.

Pup:  _No_sequel_.

"No," agreed Leader.  "The End is now."

They were finished here.  They ran back to check on Keeper.  He
lay there, unconscious.  Shamaness had wrapped him as best she
could in whatever bits of clothing she found on the dead.

"How is he?" asked Leader.

She looked at him.  There were dark rings under her eyes.  "He
lost consciousness a few minutes ago.  That's a great blessing.
As far as I can tell, he's stable, but critical."  She paused and
drew breath.  "I don't know if he's going to--"  She swallowed.
"We need to get him back to the Sept.  Now."

"You go."

Shamaness shook her head.  "I want to, but I cannot.  That boy
saved my life back there.  He needs me too, and I promised him
I'd return.  There's nothing more I can do for Keeper, anyway.
He needs wiser heads."

"The Uktena."

"Yes."

Leader nodded.  He looked at Keeper's face for the first time.
It was pockmarked with angry-looking boils.  Leader winced.
Shamaness understood and answered the unspoken question.  "Yes,
the rest of him looks like that too.  I -- I just don't know."

Leader nodded again.  "All right.  Quickly, now.  Let's build a
litter for him."  He turned to the two Pups.  "Jemi.  Marcus.
You two will go fastest.  Haul him to the Sept.  Give him to the
Uktena.  They'll know what to do."

In a few minutes, it was done.  Leader and Shamaness tied Keeper
to the litter and harnessed it to the two lupus Pups.  Leader
knelt down and spoke to them.  "Be careful how you drag him.
That's not a 'nice' litter he's on.  But don't be too careful --
speed is important now.  Understand?"

Two wolfish heads nodded.  "Go, my Pups!"  And they were off.

That finished, Leader and Shamaness quickly covered the distance
back to the original battle site.  Older Sister was sitting up, a
crude bandage covering her forehead.  She looked very tired, but
otherwise in one piece.

She smiled as Leader and Shamaness approached.  "They made this
for me," she said, pointing to her forehead.  They looked around.
The villagers were in a pitiful state, under shock from the
traumatic events of the night.  But here and there, several of
them were moving amongst their neighbors, offering what help and
comfort they could.  One of them saw Shamaness and hurried over.
He dropped to a knee and bowed.  "Savior," he said.

Shamaness looked distinctly uncomfortable and quickly helped him
to his feet.  "If anyone is to bow here, young lad, then _I_ 
shall do so to _you_.  I owe you my life."

The boy gave a small shrug and looked uncomfortable himself.

Shamaness smiled.  "My name is Shanti.  These are my packm-- ...
my friends.  That's Natalia, and this big fellow is Nagha. 
What's your name?"

The boy stood up a little straighter, looking more like a young
man.  "Harel, my lady.  My father is -- my father was -- Horrac,
Chief of the Village."

Shamaness nodded.  "You are the chief's son.  I'm very sorry for
your loss."

The young man nodded.  "Thank you."

Shamaness leaned over until her eyes were level with his.
"You're a very brave lad.  What you did for me today will always
leave me in your debt.  But now you have even more important work
to do.  Do you realize this?"

The young man glanced around him at the other villagers and then
back at Shamaness.  He nodded nervously.

"They need you," continued Shamaness.  "You're the Chief now."

The boy swallowed, but nodded again.

"My friends and I will help you.  We have much to do, so let us
begin."

"Yes," agreed the new Chief.  He turned to go, but then looked
back, a puzzled expression on his face.  "Shanti, what ... what
were those things that attacked us this night?  There were
wolves.  And ... things that looked like ... wolfmen, or
something.  What in...?"  He trailed off, confused.

Shamaness laid an hand on his shoulder.  "No.  Just a band of
very evil men.  Slave traders, probably.  They like to wear
wolfskins, and they travel with large dogs, the meanest they can
find and train."

"But --"

Shamaness shook her head and held his gaze.  "It was dark, you
were asleep when they came, and your shock is severe.  The mind
plays tricks.  You saw only what they wanted you to see, to
increase your fear and confusion.  It's over now.  Let's go see
to your people."

The young Chief frowned, but then relaxed.  "Yes, of course.  It
makes perfect sense.  What else could it have been?"  Then
resolutely, "Yes, my people.  Let us see to them now."

The young man and the three strangers turned to their task as
the sun came over the horizon.

