                            Battle Plan
                            -----------

The Dancers had an hour's head start, but they had prisoners.
That would slow them down and allow the Pack to close on them
fairly quickly despite the time lag.  And as the eastern sky began
to lighten, Keeper, Younger Sister, and Wolf found them.

Leader never needed to say, "Get downwind of them" -- that was
always a given.  It required circling around a bit, but it was
always worth it.  While Leader, Older Sister, and Shamaness still
sped to their location, the lupus wolves sent their report...

24 Dancers -- 15 crinos, nine lupus; 57 prisoners -- 22 adult
females, 35 children, all human, tied together in six groups nine
or 10 each.  The nine lupus dancers ranged around the entire party
at intervals, two crinos dancers moving each prisoner group and
remaining three crinos in the lead.  Dancers very much in haste,
but can't move their prisoners fast enough.

The two crinos closed up -- only Shamaness was still out.  Leader
studied the scene, quickly compared mental notes with the three
lupus, and reached a decision just as Shamaness arrived.

An elderly woman couldn't keep up.  A crinos guard cut her loose
and rebound the line to fill the gap; his companion ripped out the
woman's throat.  Amidst the screams of the prisoners who witnessed
it, the guard yelled "faster!" although in his crinos form, he
garbled the word badly.

Leader:   _Lower_right_open_intervals.__Shadow.__My order.__Stay_
together_mass_surprise.__Take_lupus,_crinos_.

("At certain intervals, there is a gap in the lower right of the
defensive ring the nine lupus dancers provide, so we'll attack
there.  We shadow them until the moment is right.  Wait for my
order, then attack.  Remain together during the attack.  We
compensate for their superior numbers by massing the Pack at one
location and crushing them one by one, maximizing element of
surprise.  Take down lupus first, then crinos, but stay together
and maintain mass.")

Leader didn't need to ask for questions -- if the plan was
unclear, someone would ask without a prompt.  No one asked.
Leader moved -- he was the Guide now -- and the Pack moved with
him.  The Dancers were still very much in a hurry and appeared to
be desperately trying to move their captives along.  One of the
lead crinos barked an order, and five of the lupus dancers forsook
the defensive screen, moved in amongst the prisoners, and with
nips, bites, and snarls, attempted to speed things up.

_Perfect_!  That thought came from all six Pack members
simultaneously.

Leader:  _Now_!

And the early morning erupted with howls of Garou Rage.

