                          The Battle
                          ----------

"Reports to the Council" are meant to be precise and factual
accounts of important incidents that have relevance not just for
one Pack, but the entire Sept; or even the Garou Nation.  As such,
they are short, to-the-point, and free of emotionalism.  The side
effect:  sometimes they make the described event seem easy.

It was anything but.  And it didn't tell the whole story...

On Leader's "_Now_!", the Pack howled its rage and surged forward.
Keeper and Younger Sister each took the neck of a Lupus Dancer in
their jaws and promptly tore them to hell.  The Pup did the same
with a Crinos Dancer.  Leader, in crinos, embedded the left edge
of his halberd into a Dancer neck, yanked it free, whipped
completely around and did the same with the right edge,
decapitating his victim.  Older Sister sliced open her foe's chest
with her crystal sword (Pup, of course, had no idea where she got
such a thing), twirled with her momentum, and as she came around,
drove it point-first into his heart.  Shamaness' opponent was
already off-balance thanks to the wind spirit she had called in
upon it, and now she violently brought her hands -- pulsing with
manifested eurus energy -- together, with the hapless Dancer's
head between them.  She dug the heel of each hand into a temple
and the Dancer's eyes bulged, its tongue shot out, and it went
limp.

Four seconds into the battle, the odds had gone from 4-to-1 to
3-to-1.

In the fifth second, the Dancers became fully aware that they
were under attack and reacted.  But they were spread around their
prisoners, had suddenly lost a fourth of their membership, and
needed a few seconds to regroup themselves.  The Garou Pack
exploited the confusion and attacked again.  The next melee round
was a little more difficult because of lost surprise, but momentum
was still theirs.

13 seconds since the attack began.  12 Dancers down and six
healthy Garou on the field.

The Dancers, now fully recovered from their shock, howled their
own rage as they came on, and the battle began in earnest.

Clawing, biting, slashing.

Growling, roaring, howling.

Claw and fang, rage and terror.

No mercy given.  No mercy wanted.  Wolf and Wolfbeast of Gaea and
of Wyrm, locked in struggle, here and everywhere, past-present-
future, war unending through the ages until Final Victory and
Final Defeat.

31 seconds.  15 Wyrmlings down.  Four Gaeans lightly wounded.

Older Sister's crystal sword pierced a Dancer's leather armor,
the abdomen underneath, and got hung up.  The Dancer screamed his
agony, and whacked her savagely upside the head with his stone
club.  Ignoring the thunderstorm in her skull, she wrenched the
sword sideways with everything she had, roaring with the effort.
The abdomen opened and its well-packed contents spilled onto the
ground, steaming in the predawn coolness.  The Dancer convulsed,
eyes bulged, and its weapon fell.  She gave another mighty heave
on the sword, this time upwards, willing it to find the creature's
hideous heart and make it stop beating.  Suddenly, the light in
the Dancer's bulging eyes went out and the carcass slumped
forward.  Older Sister fell to her knees, dropped the sword, and
held her head, unable to ignore the migraine any longer, nor the
warm, sticky flow of blood from her forehead.

Leader had two skillful crinos to contend with and was totally
defensive, keeping them at bay with wide swings of his halberd.
Keeper, having finished his last opponent, lunged at one of them
and bore him to the ground, his teeth finding the Dancer's neck
after a brief struggle.  Leader exploited the opportunity, renewed
his attack on the remaining Crinos, and despatched him after a
flurry of strikes and parries.

Shamaness was in trouble.  A big Crinos had her in a bear hug, the
jaw full of crooked teeth _not_ on her neck only because her right
arm was still free and her eurus-encased hand held the Dancer's
head at bay.  But it was a simple, brute-force battle, and in her
homid form, she knew she would lose it.  Even now the teeth grazed
 her neck.  Desperately, she brought up a knee and it found the
creature's groin.  The Dancer convulsed and relaxed his grip
enough for her to push him away, but then his fist crashed into
the side of her head and she went down.  The Dancer was on her
immediately, pinning her on her back while both clawed hands
wrapped around her neck and squeezed.

Her distress call reached the other five in the next instant, but
they were too involved to come in time.  Still, she continued to
resist, calling upon Luna for strength, even as blackness filled
her vision.  Suddenly, the dancer convulsed and the death grip
around her neck loosened.  Then a liquid >thud< and the Dancer
convulsed again, eyes wide.  Its tongue fell out and the lifeless
body crashed on top of her.  She pushed it out of the way, sat up,
and beheld a strange sight.

A boy.  No more than 15.  Holding an axe.  A Dancer axe.  With
fresh Dancer blood on it.  A prisoner who'd escaped his bonds.
His whole body trembled and his eyes were wide in shock and
terror.  He looked down at the axe, studying it as if he didn't
know how it had come into his hands.  He met Shamaness' gaze, eyes
still wide, mentally detached from whatever had just happened in a
desperate bid to preserve sanity.  His trembling increased.  The
axe loosened itself from his grasp and fell to the ground.  The
boy's legs wobbled and he went down on his arse, mumbling 
gibberish.

Shamaness scrambled over to him.  He was hyperventilating.  "Easy
now, son, easy!" she soothed.  "Breathe deep now and--"  The boy
choked, turned his head to the side, and vomited.

"There now," Shamaness continued, her very voice a relaxant.  She
had him in her arms and was rocking him like a baby.  "Easy now,
it's over.  You did fine.  Real fine!  Breathe deep, now.  Yes.
That's it."  The boy was coming around slowly.  She pulled back
and looked in his eyes.  Still frightened, but recovering.

_Pursue_!

Leader's order.  The battle was 55 seconds old.  19 Dancers down,
the other five in retreat.  All Garou wounded, but only Older
Sister unable to continue the fight.

Shamaness pursed her lips together.  The boy needed a bit more 
time, but there was none.  She laid a hand on his shoulder and
looked in his eyes.  "I'll be back," she promised.  "Do what you
can for the others."  And she was off and running.  She passed
Older Sister, who'd relapsed into Homid form.  "I'll be fine,"
she assured Shamaness, although she looked up with a face full of
blood and couldn't hide a grimace of pain.  Another one who needed
help, but again there was no time.  Shamaness nodded, muttered a
prayer to Luna under her breath, and hurried after the others.

