                         The Beast Within
                         ----------------

The Elf stood before the bowl filled with the strange ointment and
peered down into it.  Peering back at him was your basic elf --
long blond hair, blue eyes, pointed ears, soft and somewhat
fragile-looking features -- his own reflection.  But he knew that
couldn't be.  The fluid was not clear, but creamy; it just wasn't
possible that he was seeing his reflection in it. 

The Elf continued to stare at his reflection-that-could-not-be-
there and noticed that it was changing, shimmering slightly,
getting fuzzy around the edges.  And then it metamorphosed -- not
gradually, but all at once, from one instant to the next.  From
gentle and beautiful elf into... 

...the Elf gasped in shock and took a step back -- a gut-level
reaction to the horrific image he had just seen.  He couldn't
remember what it looked like, even though it was just a moment
ago.  Its physical appearance had surprised him, but not upset
him.  The upsetting part was the way the image had, at least for a
moment, fused itself to his brain and touched that part of him
that had nothing to do with reason, logic, sound judgment, or that
which the Elf comfortably and reassuringly classified as
"reality." 

No, the image had wanted nothing to do with "reality".  It had
homed in on something else within him; something deeply buried in
some dark recess of his mind all his life, wild and unpredictable.
Something _feral_.  A part of him so well hidden that nothing
could ever hope to find it; so well guarded that, even if found,
nothing could ever penetrate its defenses; so deep that, even were
the defenses breached, nothing could ever haul it up to the light
of day. 

Nothing could ever accomplish that feat.  Until now.  Here, in a
small clearing in the woods southwest of the City.  An eccentric
but somehow powerful Old Man.  A bowl of strange ointment.  And
the image of a Beast therein.  A Beast which came not from the
ointment, the Old Man, or the forest -- but from the repressed
subconscious mind of the Elf himself. 

The Elf realized his knees were shaking.  He bent down enough so
that his hands could rest on them, holding them, a steadying
influence.  He closed his eyes.  Breathed in deeply.  Forced
himself to let it out slowly.  Opened his eyes.  His knees were
no longer shaking. 

The Elf straightened himself and took another deep breath.  In.
Out.  There.  That was better.  He glanced at the Old Man, but
the Old Man seemed deep in a meditative trance.  No help there,
but no matter either. 

The Elf took a step back in the direction of the bowl of ointment
and, after a moment’s hesitation, looked into it again.  Nothing
-- just some creamy fluid in a bowl in a cleearing in the woods.
He could no longer discern the Image of the Beast therein.  But
the memory of it was strong and no longer subconscious.  He was
aware of it now.  The Beast had risen from its secret hiding place
and taken up residence in the Elf's conscious awareness. 

And now that the initial shock was over, the Elf gradually
realized that the Beast was neither destructive nor evil.  It
stood now in the forefront of his mind, allowed the Elf to study
it, feel it.  If the Elf had felt fear before, then he was now
giving himself over to excitement and anticipation.  It is said
that every creature has one moment in the span of its life where
everything it has been and done culminates, one moment where it
all comes together.  And the Elf knew that his moment had come.
The door was open -- he had only to walk through it. 

The Elf extended his hand toward the bowl.
