                            The Dancer
                            ----------

The five remaining Dancers, all crinos, sped northeast away from
the battle, five Garou in hot pursuit.  Keeper, Pup, and Younger
Sister, in lupus, closed the distance first and attacked, at which
point all five Dancers swung about and fought back.  Six seconds
later, three wolves were down, stunned, and the five Dancers were
speeding away again.

Leader caught up.  _OK_?

Keeper:  _Best_last_.

(They saved their best fighters for last).

The three shook it off and regained their four feet.

Leader:  _Together_.__Shanti_?

Shamaness:  _On_my_way_!

Leader:  _Catch_best_.__Four_close_!

(Catch up as best you can, Shamaness.  The four of us will close
on them).

1,000 meters later, they did just that.  This time, four of the
Dancers hung back to fight while the fifth kept going.

Eight seconds later, many things happened at once.  The four
Dancers were no more.  Leader and Younger Sister were also down,
not hurt badly, but needed to regain strength and close their
wounds enough to continue.  The Pup was just scratched, but had
needed the entire time to bring his Dancer down and was just
finishing.  Shamaness closed up and quickly checked the two down
Garou, who assured her they would be fine.  Keeper had taken his
opponent down first and was bounding away, closing on the last,
lone Dancer.

But said Dancer was no longer running.  He had stopped about 100
meters from the melee and now faced the five Defenders of Gaea.
Behind him, a curious-looking mound gently rose up, about two
meters high at the top and perhaps 20 meters in diameter at its
base.  Pup now took notice of it, and for some reason that he
couldn't understand, it filled him with dread ... some nameless
fear that he felt he should recognize, but couldn't quite place.

The Dancer stood his ground, breathing heavily, concentrating his
malevolent gaze on the lupus Garou surging toward him.

Keeper was far gone with feral rage.  His only thought as he raced
along was how good it would feel to close his jaws like a vise
around the neck of that last Dancer and hold them there until
there was one less Servant of the Wyrm walking Gaea's Green Earth.

But Shamaness' spirit was more in balance, and thus did she
recognize what Keeper did not.  And with that realization, the
cold hand of pure terror closed around her spine.

_No_Rikard_no_!

Her thought was so strong that it penetrated even the haze of
Keeper's rage -- and he saw.  The Dancer's right hand.  Coming up
to head-level, palm toward Keeper.  And in that palm, a sickly
kind of green fireball, pulsating with malicious intelligence.

Balefire.

Keeper was 50 meters from his prey.  It may as well have been 50
kilometers.  He would never make it, not before...

Shamaness:  _Rikard_hold_!

Keeper skidded to a stop, braking with all four paws, his widened
eyes inexorably drawn to the green ball of flame in the Dancer's
hand.

Shamaness prayed desperately.   _Sister_Luna_,_hear_me_now_._
_Guide_and_protect_!  And she extended her hand in Keeper's
direction, bending all her willpower toward him, hoping against
hope that it was not too late, as tears coursed down her cheeks.

The Dancer roared and hurled the ball of green flame toward
Keeper.

One does not "dodge" Balefire.  It is the very lifeblood of the
Wyrm, and as such, possesses an evil intelligence all its own.
Once released, it will strike its target.  One can only "resist"
it.  If one can.

A beam of moonlight -- shining brightly in the light of the dawn
of the new day -- reached down from the heavens and shone upon
Keeper, forming a luminous, white glow around his head before
quickly fading away.

Shamaness sobbed in gratitude and collapsed from her exertion.
Would it be enough?

Keeper stood his ground and watched the fireball quickly fill his
sight.   _Oh_Mighty_Gaea_,_Earth_Mother_Eternal_,_give_me_
strength_!  And he roared his defiance as the Balefire slammed
into him.

The impact knocked him off his paws and somersaulted him
backwards.  Energies of Green Fire and White Light sizzled and
crackled and fought each other for control of Keeper's body as he
tumbled.  The Green weakened.  But the White was consumed.

Keeper's lupine body smacked the ground in a tangle of fur, teeth,
and limbs.  His roar of defiance quickly turned into an impossibly
high-pitched scream of pure agony that went on and on and on,
changing tone as the trauma forced his body from lupus to crinos
and all the way back to homid.

Leader tried to stand, but it was too early and his legs buckled
underneath him.  Just one more minute ... but there was no time!
Even now, another green ball was forming in the Dancer's hand.
Leader knew the tactical drill:  two attackers running flat out
toward the target -- one would take the Balefire, and the other
would take the Dancer.   There was no other way.

Shamaness reached Keeper's side.  He was still screaming and
writhing.  She tried to lay her hands on him to steady him, but
only succeeded in burning her fingers.

If only they'd been ready! thought Leader in profound frustration.
But Keeper had attacked alone -- all other pack members were out
of position ... Older Sister was back at the battlefield, wounded
... Shamaness was too slow in homid ... Leader and Younger Sister
were hurt and recovering ... and the Pup had needed too much time
to take down his Dancer -- well, he was a Pup after all, so--

Leader suddenly blinked in surprise.  The Pup was no longer there.
Now where in all the--

As if guided by Fate, Leader's head turned toward the Dancer.  His
mouth fell open.  The next green fireball was almost fully formed,
pulsating wickedly as the Dancer raised his hand to throw it.
Another second or two was all he needed.  But this was not why
Leader gaped.

A streak of grey.  Moving so fast that one couldn't tell what it
was unless one knew.  And in a flash of recognition, Leader did
know.  The Pup.  It could not be anything else.  The Dancer's hand
and the horrid object it held reached shoulder level.  He had only
to cock it back a bit and let it fly.  He already had his target
fixed:  the grey blur barrelling toward him.  And with sickening
clarity, Leader knew that the Pup was going to die -- no other
result was possible.  Either the Balefire would take him, or this
Dancer -- powerful enough to summon the Flame of the Wyrm -- would
obliterate him in paw-to-paw combat.

Leader scrambled to his feet, ignoring the pain, managed to stand
by sheer willpower and a little help from his halberd, on which he
leaned as he straightened up.

Keeper continued to scream, tongues of sickly, green flame still
licking at his ruined body.  Shamaness managed now to touch him
without getting burned, her lips moving as she invoked
Rejuvenation.

And just before the Dancer could bring his hand forward for the
fatal throw, the Streak of Grey slammed into him.  Wolf of Gaea
and Wolfbeast of Wyrm tumbled and rolled over each other.  The
ball of green flame dropped from the beast's hand, weakened, lost
consistency, and completely dissipated as it hit the ground.

The Pup had his jaws on the Dancer's neck.  He closed his eyes
and bit down with everything he had, concentrating on nothing else
except making his teeth come together.  But they weren't even
close.  The Dancer had a hand on each jaw and held them apart.

The Pup opened his eyes and met the Dancer's gaze -- a mix of
pure hatred and malicious pleasure.  The Dancer freed his neck
and flung the Pup away.  Pup hit the ground, rolled, and got his
four paws under himself.  But before he could do more, a great,
clawed hand closed around the scruff of his neck.  He felt himself
lifted completely off the ground, and then he sailed through the
air and smacked head-first into the side of the strange mound.
Stars formed in his head, dizziness took him, and he puked.

Again the hand closed on his neck, the underside this time.  The
Dancer lifted the Pup with one paw and held him off the ground at
arm's length.  Pup struggled wildly, head twisting savagely in an
effort to free himself from the visegrip of that paw, four legs
flailing in the air.  It was hopeless.  He couldn't breathe, and
the world was going black.  He met the Dancer's gaze again and saw
his enemy's amusement.

And then amazement.  The Dancer's eyes were wide with it, and the
grip on Pup's neck loosened.  And then let go.  Pup fell to the
ground.

The Dancer turned sideways.  There was something sticking in his
back.  A halberd.  Leader's halberd.  Leader himself about five
meters away, limping, but approaching quickly.  He must have
thrown it like a spear.

The Dancer managed to reach around behind him, grasp the weapon,
and pull it free -- just as Leader's fist connected with his head.
The Dancer staggered backward and the halberd fell to the ground.
Leader rolled, picked it up, and as the Dancer recovered and leapt
at him, Leader buried the pointed, forward end of his weapon in
the Dancer's chest.

The Dancer convulsed, eyes wide.  Leader pushed, howling with the
effort.  The Dancer landed on his back, the halberd still in his
chest, and Leader leaning on the halberd.

The Dancer's massive, clawed hands closed on the weapon's shaft,
tried to pull it free.  Leader howled again and twisted the weapon
savagely.  The Dancer's hands left the shaft, arms flailing
outward, and the great maw vomited blood.

Leader put his back into it, leaning on his weapon, teeth gritting
with the exertion.  Again the Dancer's hands grabbed the shaft.
Again Leader twisted the halberd, roaring, locking eyes with his
foe.

And after what seemed an eternity, Leader came to understand that
the eyes staring back, defiant though they be, no longer contained
the spark of life.

Leader relaxed, released the weapon, fell to his knees, then
crashed to the ground next to his victim.

_Done_, he thought, flat on his back, panting with exhaustion.
_It_is_done_.

_No_.

Leader frowned in surprise.  He turned his head toward the Pup,
who was standing and gazing up at the strange mound.

_Not_yet_.

And the Pup began walking up the little hill.

