                           The Dancers
                           -----------

"Dancers" is simply the short name that the Garou give to a very
peculiar -- and very dangerous -- tribe of Garou (or EX-garou,
depending on how you look at it).  Their full name:  The Black
Spiral Dancers.  It is a name that no self-respecting Garou utters
willingly or casually, but only when necessity dictates and then
only with great loathing; or perhaps pity for what has become of
their former brethren.

"Former" brethren, 'tis worth noting.  Over a millennium ago,
before their corruption, the Dancers were part of the Garou Nation
and had a different name:  The White Howlers.  The Howlers had a
reputation as savages -- not surprising, considering their kinship
with the Picts and the Fianna.  Still, the Howlers were proud
members of the Garou Nation, and although there was sometimes
friction with the other tribes, all had a common enemy -- the
Wyrm.

And the White Howlers certainly did their part in the War,
fighting the Wyrm with their accustomed savagery.  But their
enthusiasm proved their undoing, for in their zeal to destroy the
Wyrm, in their blind rage, their overriding desire to end it once
and for all, they attacked the Wyrm directly before they were
mentally prepared for the danger.  The Howlers crossed over into
the Umbra -- the Spirit World -- and into Malfeas, the Wyrm's very
home.  And there the servants of the Wyrm tricked them into
dancing the Black Spiral.

The ritual utterly twisted the White Howlers and drove them
insane.  The Wyrm then took control of them, and ever after,
they've been known as the Black Spiral Dancers -- the Wyrm's own
Garou, its most potent and demoralizing weapon against the Garou
Nation.

Dancers live underground, in labyrinthine cave systems called
"Hives", analogous to the "Caerns" of the Garou Nation.  But
"Caern" is too sacred a word to use to describe anything related
to the Wyrm, and so the Garou call them "hives".  The Dancers
themselves aren't difficult to recognize.  Most of them are
physically ugly, independent of what form they're in.  As homids,
they tend to be pale, with oily, unkempt hair and unhealthy skin.
Many have open sores.  In lupus and crinos, their heads resemble
those of the hyena, and their teeth are jagged and crooked.  Their
ears are pointy and hairless, like a bat's.

Even normal humans can see that there is something "wrong" with a
homid Dancer in their midst -- but they would go mad indeed if
they had any inkling of the creature's true nature.

But even more disturbing than their physical hideousness is that
sound -- the mad call of the whippoorwill, their tribal totem.
When the Dancers come for you, that's the last sound you hear
before death -- if you're lucky; or capture -- if you're woefully
_un_-lucky ... for the Black Spiral Dancers are always looking for
breeding stock, toys, or things to sacrifice to the Wyrm.

And that brings us back to our Pack -- three lupus, two crinos,
and a homid, standing in a dewy field in the predawn hour, stock
still, listening to the barely-audible, mad call of the
whippoorwill somewhere in the distance, cursed with full knowledge
of its implications, perhaps envious of the humans, elves,
dwarves, and other non-garou races asleep in their beds,
blissfully ignorant of the horrid things going bump in the night.

Shamaness closed her eyes and began to sway slightly from side-to-
side, signalling the onset of another Vision.  Leader and Older
Sister remained standing, not moving and trying to breathe as
quietly as possible.  Our Wolf, Younger Sister, and Keeper were
also still, straining to hear any recurrence of the sound.

Shamaness stopped swaying and opened her eyes.  "I cannot see
them," she said aloud, perhaps because the slowness of real speech
allowed more time to think.  "I see only the village in the
distance."

Leader:  _Just_one_?

"Yes, it is the only one, and I looked wide.  It is beyond
narrow."  By which Shamaness meant that she could discern the
distant village with "wide" vision, which found many things over
a great distance, but didn't see them clearly, but it was too far
away when she used "narrow" vision, which would have allowed her
to see things happening in the village, were it close enough.

Leader nodded.  _Pup_Guide_.

The Wolf glanced at Leader, thinking he had misunderstood.  He'd
never been tapped to be the Guide before.  But Leader's steady
gaze confirmed it.  Swallowing nervously, the Wolf set out.  His
first thought was to try to home in on it by estimating the
direction from which the sound came, but it was too faint to be
sure, so he simply relaxed (as much as one _could_ "relax" whilst
running on all fours) and felt for it with his feelings.

The Pack fanned out again, but this time, since they knew what
they were hunting, they stayed within 500 meters of each other,
and Shamaness remained as close to Wolf as possible, closing up
when Wolf halted, as she still remained in homid form.  Every few
hundred meters, he stopped to listen for the whippoorwill or
whatever Intuition would tell him.  Each time he waited for
Shamaness to catch up before starting out again.

On one of the stops, when the Pack was nearly 10 kilometers from
the spot where Wolf had first heard the whippoorwill, Shamaness
laid her hand on Wolf's head.  "Wait," she said.  And then she
swayed again, eyes closed, frowning at whatever she was seeing in
the Vision.  As she opened her eyes, the rest of the Pack closed
up.

"I see the village now in narrow," she sighed.  "There are no
Dancers there.  The ground is blooded and corpses litter it."

Leader:  _Survivors_?

Shamaness shook her head.  "None in the village.  If there are,
they have either fled or been taken."

Younger Sister:  _Too_late_we_are_?

"To prevent this, yes."

The whippoorwill sounded again.  This time, Leader and Older
Sister, in crinos, could just make it out, while the three lupus
heard it stronger than before.

Keeper:  _Mayhap_not_all_too_late_.

Leader:  _Continue_Pup_.

On the surface, further "guiding" seemed unnecessary, for
Shamaness had already identified the village in narrow vision,
which told the Pack exactly where it was and how far, so it would
have been easy enough to just make for it directly.  Even so,
there could be other "signs" along the way (or even just _off_ the
way) that the Pack should find.  And thus did Leader order Wolf to
"continue".

But if there were more signs, the Pack missed them, and so they
came upon the village.  The scents confirmed that there had indeed
been a raid, even Shamaness in homid could tell that.  There was
no scent of anything alive (nothing humanoid, anyway), and so the
Pack entered the place and gathered info...

The Dancers had left about an hour ago.  They had come from the
northeast and departed the same way.  The tracks thus mixed with
each other and any estimate of their numbers could not be exact,
but it seemed there had been at least 20 but no more than 30.
There had been isolated struggles, but no serious resistance from
the villagers -- the hour had been that typical pre-dawn time when
humans sleep so deeply that you could steal the bed out from under
them.  Judging by the number and sizes of the various buildings,
the village's population (before the raid, of course) looked to
have been at least 75 but no more than 100.  Exactly 27 corpses
lay on the ground, mostly adult males, some of them partially
eaten.  There were no tracks or scents of any kind leading
anywhere but northeast; ergo, the Dancers had taken the rest with
them.

All this the Pack gathered with their heightened senses and then
shared and cross-checked with each other via telepathy.  Seven
minutes after entering the village, the Pack knew it all.

They rallied up on the northeast edge of the village, where the
Dancers had come and gone.

Leader:  _Thoughts_?

By this, Leader did _not_ mean, "should we or shouldn't we?"  The
answer to _that_ question was only too obvious -- the Garou don't
allow Dancers to have the run of anyplace on Gaea's Earth as long
as the Garou have life in their bodies.  That the Pack would
continue the Hunt was a given that no one doubted even for a
moment.  This Garou Pack was, by this time, a very cohesive one,
and simply didn't need to be long-winded (or "long-thought") when
it came to their telepathic communication.  They knew each other
enough to get whole thoughts from short messages.

So what Leader really said (thought), translated into normal
verbose speech, was something like:  "Does anyone have any other
relevant info or opinion to share before we set off northeast? 
Anything that we should consider?  Anything that might influence
our next action that we should be aware of _now_?"

Keeper:  _Dawn_less_hour_.__Remote_few_.

("We have less than an hour before dawn.  However, this location
is a remote wasteland with very few inhabitants.")

Older Sister:  _Veil_hold_yes_.

("If we must fight without cover of darkness, then I believe no
non-garou will observe us and thus we will preserve the secrecy
of the Garou from their unsuspecting eyes and insufficiently
developed awareness.")

Younger Sister:  _Good_dark.__Shock_.

("Still, fighting by darkness will be to our advantage when we
take on the Dancers, for the element of surprise will be easier to
maintain.")

Older Sister nodded her wolfish head.

_Power_overwhelming_destroy_now_.

Five heads of various forms turned sharply toward our Wolf.  The
Wolf blinked in surprise at himself.  Had he really sent that
thought?  Yes, he had.  It had come from deep within him and
without his conscious will to guide it.  He had no idea why.  The
Pack sensed his confusion.

Keeper:  _Dancers_?

("You mean that the Dancers are 'overwhelming'?  Surely not.
Dangerous yes, but not above our ability to fight.")

Wolf:  _More.__Know_must.__Is_.

("I cannot explain.  I simply know that, whatever is ahead, it is
not only about a Dancer raid and dead or captured villagers.
There is something more important at work here.  I know this
because I must know it and I cannot tell you why I know it.  It is
simply so.")

Leader nodded.   _Find.__Best speed.__Wait_.

("Find them now with all possible speed.  This means that you
three in lupus will arrive first, and Shamaness last, but we must
catch them now and find out what we can.  When you get there, wait
for the Pack to close up -- do not attack until we are all there
and I give the order.")

_Go_!

And the six moved as one.

