                             The Duel
                             --------

The Elf stood with his left foot in front, toes pointing forward,
and his right foot behind, toes pointing to the right.  His knees
were bent just enough so that his legs could propel him forward or
backward at a moment's notice.  In his hands he held an oaken
quarterstaff diagonally and in front of his body, more of a
defensive posture than offensive -- he wasn't about to take any
chances with his opponent until he saw what she was capable of.

Apropos "opponent" ... her stance was a near mirror image of the
Elf's, but she held her staff forward in a more offensive posture.
Neither she nor the Elf wore any armor; the Elf had a simple tunic
and pants that hung just below the knee.  His opponent wore a
light robe that normally reached to mid-thigh, but she had tied it
at the waist in such a way that it inched a bit higher; not to
mention the deep cut in front.  Under normal conditions, seeing
her like this might have awakened more pleasurable thoughts in the
Elf's mind, but her hard eyes, locked with his, belied any image
of "pleasure" -- in them, he recognized only a desire to hurt,
maim, and kill.  And so, under the circumstances, all the Elf
could think about was survival.

She leapt forward, swinging her staff as she came.  There was a
loud >CRACK!< as the Elf parried.  He jumped left and swung his
staff around on a perfect collision course with her head, but
there was only a loud >WHOOSH!< as she perfectly ducked and
counter-swung low.  The Elf jumped high as her staff WHOOSHed
beneath him.  As gravity pulled him back to Earth, he swung on a
vertical axis, aiming for her head, but was again frustrated when
she rolled sideways and his staff harmlessly struck the ground
where she had been.

She regained her feet and the two repositioned themselves.  Eyeing
each other warily, staves raised, Elf and Girl circled each other.
Then the Elf came on and attacked relentlessly, switching axes
lightning fast as she successfully parried each thrust and swing,
CRACK!'s and WHOOSH!'es blending with each other like some musical
cadence; the two combatants repeatedly ducked, lunged, retreated,
spun, jumped, their movements a dance that would have been
beautiful were it not so deadly.

Finally they separated again, eyeing each other, both breathing
heavily now and covered in a glistening sheen of sweat.  Only
their hair held some semblance of order -- Elf had tied his long,
blond locks into a ponytail, and the Girl had hers in a tight bun.

"You're holding back," she said, still breathing heavily.

She was ranked 5th in the pack, just above the Elf, who was the
most junior wolf.  She had seen several more seasons than he had,
so she was stronger, faster, more agile and fit.  In a normal
sparring session, he wouldn't have stood a chance.  But for this
one, she agreed to the staff, a weapon she didn't use -- but the
one in which the Elf was specializing.  Ergo, the odds should be
even.

The Elf shrugged.  "I want you to feel that you're doing well."
And then he smirked.

She snarled, a very un-ladylike sound that filled the cave with an
atmosphere of menace, and showed teeth that looked bigger and
sharper than what a lady should have.  "Do _not_ hold back," she
said, and sprang at him.

Again the adversaries leapt, spun, danced, ducked, and dodged,
this time using the walls as well as the floor, staves whirling,
twirling, smacking and cracking.

But the Elf did not hold back this time.  The fight was brutal,
vicious and intense, and not "easy" for him by any stretch of the
imagination; but his prowess with the weapon inevitably overcame
his sister's superiority as a fighter and his staff finally
connected with her head, a blow that could well have been fatal
had she not rolled with it so well.  The Elf exploited the
opportunity ruthlessly -- reversed momentum, came up underneath
her guard, ran his staff quickly along hers until it hit her hand.
With her grip lost, it was a small move to disarm her and send her
staff sailing through the air, bouncing off a wall, and finally
clattering to the floor -- well out of reach.

The Elf howled triumphantly and laughed.  "It's over, Big Sister!"
he grinned.  "You're beaten!"  He shuffled his feet in a little
dance and twirled his staff with a flourish around his head.  He
knew he was being cocky, but he couldn't help himself -- he had
_never_ beaten her at _anything_!  "Do you admit defeat?" he
asked, still grinning.

She simply stood there, glaring at him from underneath her
eyelids, lips pulled back in a little snarl.  The bump on her head
had knocked her hair loose and the rich, red-brown locks hung down
now in waves all around her head, in her face, and curled over her
chest above the bust line, more visible now because her robe had
become dishevelled from the exertion of the fight.  She looked
utterly alluring -- and utterly dangerous.

"Defeat?" she said evenly, and blew a stray lock of hair from her
face that promptly settled back to where it was.

Then she smiled evilly.  "Little Brother," she said, while he
hands undid the knot at her waist.  "Do you have any idea what a
cocky little bastard you've become?"  And with that, she yanked
off the robe, threw it aside and stood before him with only a
brassiere and thong for protection.

The Elf's eyes widened and he forgot to breathe for a moment.  She
used the distraction to focus her will inward, call upon the power
of her eurus and, with a final push, manifest claws of pulsing
energy around her hands.

"But --" the Elf stammered.  "That's _cheating_!"

She advanced a step, raised her hands threateningly, and the Elf
involuntarily took a step back.  "What's fair in love and war,
Little Bro, hmm?" she asked in a voice that was all the more
intimidating because it was low and quiet.  And then she shouted
the answer:  "_All_ is!"  And she attacked.

If there had been a Bard to witness what followed, no doubt he
would have composed a wondrous ballad of the heroic stand the Elf
made against her, how he fought on despite the overwhelming odds
against him, how he refused to give in to the inevitable for as
long as humanly -- er, _elvenly_ -- possible.

And of course the Bard would have sung of how the Girl disarmed
the Elf and sent his staff sailing through the air, bouncing off a
wall, and finally clattering to the floor -- well out of reach;
how she knocked him on his back and pinned him beneath her; how
the Elf struggled on, his tunic thoroughly shredded, exposing his
chest and its many scratches; how the scantily-clad girl kept him
pinned despite his valiant efforts, her hands-of-pulsing-energy
holding his arms, her legs trapping his legs in a vice, her pelvis
grinding into his.

Perhaps at this point our Gentle Bard, recognizing the
"implications" of the situation, would cease his singing and
discretely excuse himself.  But no worries, Gentle Reader, for we,
at least, will remain a bit longer.

"Oh dear," she said with mock sorrow.  "Are you still trying to
_win_?  Tsk-tsk-tsk."  A pout.  "Poor little wolf."  A risqué
smile.  "Why don't you forget about 'winning' and think about--"
she moved her hips firmly against his "-- something else?"

The Elf's heart leapt to his throat and he gasped.  Part of him
wanted to, if he was honest -- there was no denying the physical
response she was coaxing out of him.  But this was not a
"seduction" -- it was a humiliation, a payback for his cockiness.
That was all she wanted to accomplish here, he knew, even as his
body continued to betray him.  But it was hopeless -- she was too
strong.  And too damned _good_ at this.

She pinned both his hands briefly with one paw, and with the
other, ripped off what little remained of his tunic.  "Ooooooooh,"
she crooned.  "Poor little wolfie is hurt," she said, examining
the scratches on his chest and doing another hip grind.  Then she
grinned mischievously.  "Let me help you heal."  Keeping her eyes
on his for as long as possible, she lowered her head to his chest,
and began licking the damaged skin in the vicinity of his neck.

The Elf gasped involuntarily.  She giggled, continued to lick him,
and again ground her pelvis into his.

The Elf saw only one way out of this.

_Hhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeellllllllppppppppp_!

His Big Sister suddenly recoiled in shock, still holding him down,
but no longer doing anything with her tongue or hips.  "But --"
she stammered.  "That's _cheating_!"

Despite breathlessness, the Elf managed to respond.  "What's fair
in love and war, Big Sis?"  He grinned.

She pursed her lips together and stared at him balefully.  Then
she stood, extended her hand and helped him to his feet just as --

-- Shamaness entered the room.  She looked aat the Elf with a
little smile and said, "Hello, my name is 'Help'.  I heard you
calling."  And then to both of them, "Tell me, my Pups -- how was
today's training?"

"Good, Shamaness," they replied in unison.

"Are you finished, then?"

"Yes, Shamaness."

"Very well, then," she smiled knowingly.  "Let's clean up this
room, shall we?  And then I have some things for you to do, Young
Lady.  And Young Sir?  I believe Keeper needs a paw or two.  But
before that, why don't you both take a bath?"  A little pause for
effect.  "Separately.  With --" her smile widened just a tiny bit
-- "cold water?"

The two glanced at each other, both blushing.  "Yes, Shamaness."

The Elf and his Sister collected the staves and the remains of
their clothing and departed the room, each bowing respectfully as
they walked by Shamaness.

When they were gone, Shamaness smiled to herself while shaking her
head.  "Pups!" she said.  But now that she was alone, she could
linger over the memory that had come flooding back to her when she
saw the two half-naked, sweating pups on the floor ... a sparring
session between her and Leader, before they were together, before
they formed the Pack.  She lost -- but only because she had _let_
him win.  Sometimes a man needed that so he could feel important,
otherwise he might lose his ... interest.  The ruse had worked
and they both ended up ... she shook it off, chuckling to herself,
and left the room.

