                          Exorcism
                          --------

_Will_you_please_keep_UP_?!

The Wolf snarled briefly, but refused to turn his head toward his
pack sister.  Jemi had been doing that almost the entire run and
it was really getting on his nerves.  Just because she's "Number
5" and I'm "Number 6".

_We're_supposed_to_drag_him_CAREFULLY_, Marcus thought back to
her.  This was about the 6th or 7th time he'd responded that way.

_SPEED_is_most_important_.__Leader_said_so_,_remember_?  Also for
about the 6th or 7th time.

And she put on another burst of speed, forcing him to match.
Behind them, secured to their lupine bodies via a crude harness,
was a makeshift litter on which their still-unconscious Pack
Keeper lay.  "Thankfully unconscious," thought the Wolf -- else
he'd loudly complain about how the litter banged and careened
around the landscape thanks to his Sister's ideas about how the
"lead dog" should behave.

At least we're getting close, he thought.  There ahead and to
the left was the hill upon which Sleeping Wolf Rock stood.
Seeing it filled his heart with joy, as it always did, and for a
moment, he felt that all would be right in the world.  This time
he did glance over at his Sister -- and saw the same look on her
face.  Well, Gaea be praised, he thought -- she's got something
else to think about for a moment besides how "slow" I run.

_Sept_distress_howl_now_, she said.

_Wait_, he contradicted.

She was about to cuff him for insubordination -- she was, after
all, the "senior wolf" in this situation -- but then she looked
ahead and saw why Little Brother had said it.

Ranolf the Leader glanced at Tamika the Keeper.  Both were still
in homid form.  "Shift," he said.  But Uziah the Shaman put a
hand on each of their arms.

"No," he said.  "Claw and fang we'll not need here."

Up ahead, two lupine figures came into view, running hard, but
their gait was strange, as if -- ah yes, they were indeed
dragging something behind them.

Uziah crouched down and opened his bag.  As he rummaged through
it, he said, "Stop them right here, unhitch what they carry, and
lay it flat on the ground."

_It's_them_!, said Jemi.

_The_Uktena_, replied Marcus.  _How_did_they_know_?

_They're_..._strange_like_that_.

_Good_thing_!

The two slowed down and stopped in front of the three Uktena.
Without even a greeting, two of them promptly went to work on the
harness, disconnecting them from their burden.  The third was
rubbing something between his hands and studying Keeper's face
gravely.

Tamika knelt down and put a hand on the head of each wolf.  They
looked at her, tongues hanging out, legs wobbly.  "You did well,"
she said to them with a reassuring smile.  "We'll take care of
him now.  Rest."  The two wolves promptly hit the ground as if
they'd been waiting for someone to say that.

Uziah continued to rub his hands together as he studied Keeper's
face.  It was swollen and the boils stood out angrily, red with a
small, green center.  The Shaman finished rubbing his hands
together, closed his eyes, and pressed a palm to each of Keeper's
cheeks.  Ranolf and Tamika waited silently.  After half a minute,
the Shaman opened his eyes, removed his hands, and dug in his
bag.  He came out with a small, leather charm.  This he pressed
between his hands while mumbling some words under his breath.
His hands glowed for a moment, and when he opened them, the charm
glowed.

"The chest," he said.

Ranolf reached over and pulled away the fabric to expose Keeper's
chest, which was also covered with boils.  Uziah carefully laid
the still-glowing charm over Keeper's heart.

Keeper suddenly stirred, gasping for breath.  Uziah placed his
hand on the injured Garou's head and again mumbled under his
breath.  Keeper's eyes snapped open and darted wildly about, and
then rested on the Shaman's face.

Uziah held the gaze and leaned a bit closer.  "Name.  Tribe.
Pack.  Rank," he said.

Keeper's rapid breathing was the only sound.  Then he clenched
his teeth and trembled.

Uziah gripped Keeper's jaw a little stronger and spoke again,
louder than before.  "NAME.  TRIBE.  PACK.  RANK."

Keeper's eyes slammed shut, his teeth chattered, and he groaned.

Uziah sighed and pursed his lips together grimly.  He glanced at
Ranolf and Tamika, and jerked his head toward his patient.
Ranolf placed a restraining hand on Keeper's left shoulder and
left wrist.  Tamika did the same on the right.  Uziah straddled
Keeper, using his legs to hold his patient's legs fast.

Uziah leaned over again to stare into Keeper's face, his hand
gripping Keeper's jaw again.  Keeper's teeth were still locked
together and he opened his eyes to return the Shaman's stare.

"Whom do you serve?" demanded Uziah, keeping his eyes locked on
Keeper's.

Keeper's body tensed and jerked against them, but the three
Uktena held him fast.

Uziah demanded again, "Whom do you serve?"

Keeper's body spasmed violently, but again they held him.  A
prolonged snarl welled up from his throat.  The two lupus wolves
got to their feet and whined.  "Stay back," Tamika ordered
sharply.  "Do not fear!"

Uziah leaned over more, bringing his face even closer to Keeper's
and he gripped the chin harder.  And with a tone of grim finality
that compelled an answer, he spoke again.

"WHOM ... DO ... YOU ... SERVE?"

And amidst the constant snarl that boiled out of Keeper's throat,
came scattered and distorted but recognizable words in
response...

"I ... serve ... the ... Eternal WYRM!"

And with that, several things happened at once.

Keeper's body bucked wildly, almost breaking free of the three
who restrained him.  From his throat issued a scream that was
unlike any a Garou would make.  His two lupus pack mates howled
in fear and distress.  The charm upon Keeper's chest lost its
light and shattered.  The sun went behind a cloud.

Uziah dug quickly in his bag, came out with a small object,
pressed it between his palms, and spoke swiftly in an
unintelligible language.  He opened his hands to reveal another
glowing charm.

While his two pack mates continued to restrain the jerking,
screaming patient, the Shaman put his left hand behind Keeper's
head.  In his right hand he held the glowing charm and pressed it
between Keeper's eyes.  Keeper screamed again, louder and more
desperate, his struggles increasing to frenzy.  Uziah closed his
eyes, held the charm in place, and continued to speak in that
strange tongue.

20 seconds later, Keeper's body suddenly went limp.  His boils
broke open and oozed green pus.  The charm's light had gone out
and Uziah tossed it aside.  He waved briefly at Ranolf and Tamika
and the two released their grip.  Uziah got off Keeper's legs and
moved around to his side.  He put a finger to Keeper's neck under
the left ear, and nodded once.  He lifted the left eyelid, then
the right, and again nodded.

He studied Keeper's face for a few minutes, saying nothing.  No
one moved.

Finally, the Shaman leaned over and put his hand on Keeper's
cheek.  He tapped it gently a few times.  "Awaken."

Keeper stirred, groaning softly, as one might when coming out of
a deep slumber.  His eyes opened slowly and his gaze rested on
Uziah's face above him.

"Name.  Tribe.  Pack.  Rank."

Keeper coughed once, cleared his throat.  And in a voice just
above a whisper, answered.  "Rikard ... Fianna ... Moon Runners
... Keeper."

Uziah smiled gently and he spoke again.  "Auspice and Devotion."

Keeper again cleared his throat, and in a slightly louder voice,
answered, "Dansair.  Warrior of Ghosts, Master of Gaea's
Strength."

Uziah's smile widened and he nodded with satisfaction.  "Welcome
back to Gaea's embrace, Brave Warrior!"

And Rikard of the Fianna, Keeper of the Moon Runners, Warrior of
Ghosts and Master of Gaea's Strength, managed a tired smile in
return.

"Sleep now," commanded the Shaman.  "Sleeeeeeeeep!"  And as his
hand caressed Rikard's forehead, Rikard's eyes closed and he
breathed slowly and evenly.

Uziah suddenly slumped forward, spent.  Ranolf caught him and
held him up.

"Your patient is not the only one who needs rest, Shaman."

Uziah nodded, breathing deeply.  "A little, yes.  He's out of
danger, but still needs care.  We may bring him to the Sept now."

Ranolf and Tamika picked up the litter and walked off eastward.
The two still-exhausted wolves and the equally-exhausted Shaman
followed.

