                           The Gift
                           --------

"Ah!  Come in, Pup, come in!" smiled Leader.  "Do sit down."  They
both took a seat on the rugs in Leader's study and faced each
other.

"How goes it with you, Pup?"

The Elf blinked, a bit surprised.  "Fine, thank you, Leader."

"No, uhm, ill effects?  From the, er, 'possession'?"

The Elf sighed and ground his teeth.  But he kept his eyes on
Leader and answered evenly.  "No, Leader."

Leader chuckled.  "Sorry, Pup -- couldn't resist."  Leader sighed
with a smile.  "It seems Keeper has been doing well lately."

The Elf rolled his eyes.  Indeed, Keeper's feet never seemed to
touch the floor since that evening of the Elf's return from his
errands in the city.  In fact, that's where Keeper was today --
in the city.  And it wasn't too difficult to guess _where_.

Leader cleared his throat and changed the subject.  "Let me tell
you why I want to talk to you.  Here."

Leader handed the Elf a sheet of parchment.  On it were the same
strange symbols that adorned the envelope that the Elf had picked
up for Leader from the post office.  The Elf looked at Leader with
a little smile and shrugged helplessly.

Leader returned the smile and took the letter back.  "I shall
translate it for you.  It says:  'my dearest Nagha.  Thank you
kindly for your letter -- always wonderful to hear from you, my
old friend!  To the subject of your enquiry, the answer is an
enthusiastic yes.  It would be an honor for me to welcome your
understudy to my humble dojo for the training you desire for him.
Please have him present himself bearing this letter and all shall
be taken care of.  I truly look forward to working with him and I
pray that my meager efforts will be a positive force on his life's
journey.  Gratefully yours, Hashai-Sen.'"

Leader folded the parchment, placed it in its envelope, and handed
it to the Elf, who frowned as he took it.  "You mean to send me
away.  Have I displeased you in some way, Leader?"

Leader blinked in surprise.  "On the contrary, Pup!"  He leaned
forward a little and stared into the Elf's eyes.  "I am very
pleased with you.  We all are.  You have grown much since coming
to us.  And now you are ready for this."

Leader leaned back, and got a far-away look in his eyes.  "Hashai-
Sen is an old friend of mine, as you heard in the letter.  His
dojo is in Kerei, which, as you know, is just south of Souvrael,
the place of my birth.  As you also know, I am a Silent Strider."

The Elf knew.  Among other things, that Garou Tribe was renowned
for its ability as couriers, swiftly crossing even the most
inhospitable areas to reliably make their deliveries over great
distances.  Leader was very well-travelled, and that was an
understatement.  Of course, he had cut back those activities
after creating the Pack, but it was still in his nature, and the
Elf believed that Leader would one day return to it.

"Anyway," continued Leader, "to make a long story short, I
happened to be in the right place at the right time to save
Hashai-Sen's life.  I am not one to 'collect debts', but
circumstances being what they are, I find this opportunity simply
too good to pass up.

"There are two things at work here.  The first is your ability
with staves.  I have watched you hone your skills and you've
become quite remarkable!"

The Elf dropped his eyes.  "I do my best, Leader."

"Indeed," replied Leader with a little smile.  "Sometimes I have
the impression that you prefer your elven form so that you may use
the staff."

The Elf shrugged a bit and smirked.  "Can't wield a staff with
paws."

"Indeed not," grinned Leader.  "The second thing is that Hashai-
Sen's dojo specializes in the study of staves and polearms."

The Elf's eyes widened slightly.

"And he has no equal," added Leader.  "Get the picture, Pup?"

The Elf did, as a matter of fact, and he smiled like a child at
Christmas.  "When do I leave?"

Leader laughed.  "That anxious, are you?  Well, calm down -- the
Pack has a few things to take care of before you go.  'Pack', I
said -- and that includes YOU, Pup.  And there's a Revel coming up
-- and you will be there!  You may leave thee day after."

Leader stood and the Elf followed.  "Now then, Pup, there's
something you'll need to take with you."  His gaze drifted to the
doorway.  The Elf looked that way too and saw his older sister --
the one who always found those "exotic" weapons and gear.  She
entered the room with a smile.  In her arms was the wrapped thing
that the Elf had picked up from Taylor.

She presented it to the Elf.  "This is for you, little brother."

The Elf took it from her gingerly, feeling a lump in his throat.
It was still wrapped in the same condition in which he'd picked
it up.

"Go ahead," she smiled.  "Open it!"  Leader was also smiling.

Carefully, the Elf untied the strings and pushed the fabric out of
the way.  Revealed before him was an ebony, hardwood staff about
2.5 meters long.  The butt end of it was thicker and looked to be
made for thrusting.  His eyes travelled down the length of it to
the forward end, which was curved.  That's rather odd, he thought.
Why should a wooden staff be curved?  He gingerly picked it up --
how comfortably _heavy_ it was!.  He moved it left and right,
testing it, getting its feel.  Suddenly he swung it in graceful 
360 arc, grinning at the satisfying >>>WHOOSH<<< it made.

He looked more closely at that strange curve on the front end.  It
was then that he noticed the seam about half a meter down from the
forward tip.  Could it be...?  But of course!  As his right hand
held the staff in the middle, he placed his left forward of the
seam -- and yanked.  The sheath came off smoothly, making that
delightful metal-on-metal sound as when one draws a sword.  At
first, he couldn't see a thing, for the blade caught the light of
the room perfectly, blinding him.  The Elf turned the blade away
from the angle of the light so that he could gaze at it, and his
breath caught.  He tried to think of how to describe it -- and
found that he needed another word for "beautiful".  It was almost
half a meter long, curved, and sharpened on one side.  Frowning,
he brought the blade closer so that he could better see something
that was etched onto it at the point just before it joined the
shaft -- and discovered that it was his name.

Leader and Sister were still waiting.  Finally, Sister couldn't
take it any more.  "Do you like it, Pup?" she asked.

The Elf looked at her, his mouth hanging open.  He looked back at
the staff and ran a finger carefully up and down the blunt edge of
the blade.  Slowly and softly, he replied, "It's the most
beautiful thing I've ever seen."

He looked back at his Older Sister and smiled broadly, came
forward, and hugged her.  "Thanks so much!    By the way -- what
is it?"

"It's called a 'naginata'," smiled Sister.

"Naginata," repeated the Elf, staring at it in wonder.

"And where you're going, Pup," added Leader, "you're going to
learn how to use it properly!"

The Elf wasn't sure at all how he would make it through the time
that remained until his departure.

