                           Back Home
                           ---------

The Elf emerged from the Witch's home and let out a mighty rush of
breath.  Gaea help me, he thought -- if that was just "foreplay"
then I'm a Dead Elf if she ever takes it _all_ the way!  He
reached up to touch his lips, but then decided not to -- that
would defile them!  He stood in the street, panting, fighting for
composure.  After a while, he felt that he had himself somewhat
under control.  He looked at the sky.  The sun was setting.  Time
to get back home.

It was dark as he returned to the pack cave to find everyone
gathered in the main room.

"Took you long enough!" teased his young sister.  "Bet you didn't
even get everything, did you?"

Without a word, the Elf handed her the small bag that the Witch
had given him.  She took it with a sceptical look and opened it.
Her breath caught.  She reached in and pulled out the contents.
"Ohhhhhh, they're _beautiful_!" she gushed, holding the
undergarments up and turning them this way and that.  "Thank you,
little brother!" she said, kissing him on the cheek.  Under normal
conditions, he would have blushed, but after all he'd been through
today, it didn't embarrass him one bit.

"Thanks for the weapon pickup!" exclaimed his older sister, giving
him a hug with her left arm while her right held onto the wrapped
Whatever-It-Was.

Leader examined the envelope and the Elf had the distinct
impression that Leader could actually read the strange characters.
Then Leader put the letter inside his tunic for later.

"Shamaness, Moon said he needs about 10 days for the necklace
repair.  He's sorry that he's a bit swamped lately."

"No problem, Pup, and thanks," she replied.

"Hey, Pup!  What about me, then?" asked Keeper.

The Elf closed his eyes and sighed mightily.  He'd been dreading
this one.  Actually, he'd been waiting for the others to leave the
room.  But they showed absolutely no sign of doing so.  In fact,
Keeper's question seemed to have made them curious and they all
looked at the Elf expectantly.

"Uhm, Keeper, could we do that, uh, later, please?"

Keeper frowned and glanced sideways.  He looked a bit like a
little kid who's been told that he can have a cookie -- later.

"Well, did you deliver my letter?"

The Elf nodded.

"And...?"

The Elf blinked.

"Well, what did she say, Pup?  Come on, now!  You're _killing_ me
here," he chuckled.  His two sisters snickered.  Leader and
Shamaness simply smiled, enjoying the show.

"Didn't she have a message for me, Pup?"  Keeper was starting to
look really disappointed now.

At the word "message", the Elf seemed to recover and remember
something.  With a heavy sigh of resignation, he asked, "Keeper,
is it your wish that I deliver her message to you right now, right
here?"

Keeper blinked.  "Well ... yeah!"

The Elf pursed his lips together once.  He glanced around at the
four other pack members present and then back at Keeper.  He bowed
his head.  "By your command."  He breathed once deeply and rolled
his eyes up to his head.  When he brought them back down, there
was ... a change.  The Elf was still there ... but something else
was, too.

Lightning fast, the Elf swung out and struck Keeper on the cheek
with an open hand.  Hard.  The >>>CRACK<<< made the whole room
jump.  Mouths fell open.

"BASTARD!" spat the Elf, or The-Power-Working-Through-the-Elf.

Again the Elf swung, this time striking Keeper's other cheek just
as hard.  Then he punched Keeper in the solar plexus.  His aim was
true, his strike was hard, and Keeper went down.

The shock of it all was so complete that nobody moved.  All simply
stared, gaping at the incredible scene.

Keeper lay on the floor gasping.  The Elf (and whatever else was
in the Elf) stood over him, sneering down.  "Now listen to me, you
pathetic little _worm_!  Do you have any idea what you did to me?
Well, I'll tell you!  Worm!  The spring festival!  You remember
it, don't you, you puke, you vomitous piece of _shit_?"

Keeper coughed, trying to come out of it.  He managed a nod.

"You said you were just going to the bar to get some peach juice!"
The Elf/Witch sneered.  "Poor little mangy wolfie can't have any
alcohol, can he?  Corrupts and defiles, doesn't it?  Has to drink
his ... peeeeeach juice!  And so I waited and waited and waited!
Did you come back?  No!  I had to go look for you!  And where did
I find you?  Speak!"

Keeper coughed again and gasped, "The elm tree."

"Ah yeeeessssssss!  The beautiful elm tree at the edge of the
festival grounds.  Such a romantic spot, wasn't it?  FOR YOU AND
FOR _HER_, YOU LIMP-DICK METIS!!"

The Elf/Witch made as if to kick Keeper, who cringed and then
relaxed as the kick did not arrive.  And at that moment, it did
arrive.  Keeper yelped.  But truth be told, it was the "metis"
that hurt far more than the kick.

"And I caused a scene, right?  I went waaaaaay overboard, didn't
I?  I grabbed her by the hair and pulled her away from you.  I
slapped her around.  I put a curse on her that made her turn ugly,
right?  Wrinkles, warts, gray skin?  Sent the poor, little,
innocent thing running away screaming, didn't I?  Jealousy is one
thing, but I was way out of line, wasn't I?  Over the top?  Went
too far, right?  I was totally out-of-control, yes?  Abusing my
powers for personal revenge, wasn't I? ISN'T THAT THE _BULLSHIT_
YOU THREW AT ME?!"

Keeper managed to reach his knees, panting.  "Yes," he whispered.

"Ohhhhh, YES!" sneered the Witch/Elf.  "You were sooooo upset,
weren't you?  I couldn't _explain_!  You wouldn't _let_ me!  I
couldn't get a word in edgewise on you, could I, you foolish
little buffoon, you consummate ignoramus!?  You just kept on going
and going with your self-righteous tirade about _my_ horrid
conduct!  GAGH! You stupid, moronic, imbecilic, complete and total
SHIT-FOR-BRAINS IDIOT!!!"

The spectators were no longer gaping.  In fact, they had their
hands over their mouths trying to hold their laughter down, lest
it distract from the scene still playing out.  The Elf's younger
sister didn't quite make it, and loudly cackled.

"Oooohhhhhhh, but you found out later, didn't you, _worm_?"

Keeper nodded, still clutching his chest.  "Yes," he gasped.

"SAY IT!"

Keeper now stood up, if a bit unsteadily.  "That she was a ... a
succubus--"

Everyone blinked.

"--that she was about to drain my life force when you found us.
You saved me.  And she turned ugly because you broke the illusion,
not because you cursed her.  You revealed her for what she was.
You chased her away.  I am sorry.  I should have trusted you.
I'll never doubt you again.  Thank you."

Now the Elf/Witch relaxed, nodding.  "Yes.  So much you wrote in
your letter, which this Elf--" pointing to him/herself "-- was
kind enough to deliver to me."  The voice softened, and the
Elf/Witch smiled.  "And so much more you wrote besides that."

The Elf/Witch suddenly swung out again, and Keeper winced in
anticipation.  But the hand went behind his neck, and pulled him
into a kiss -- a long, deep one.

Eyes popped.  "Oh, my Good Gaea!" gasped Older Sister, while
Younger simply  gaped.  Leader's open mouth stretched into a
disbelieving smile.  Shamaness involuntarily made a blessing to
ward off evil.

Finally, the kiss broke.  And as it did, whatever was in the Elf
departed, leaving Elf and Keeper all by themselves.  The Elf,
realizing now what had happened, broke away from Keeper, spat
several times and wiped his mouth savagely with the back of his
hand.  Leader, Shamaness, and his sisters, finally able to release
their pent-up emotions, rolled on the floor, laughing until tears
came.  Keeper just stood there, an angelic smile on his face, eyes
on something far away.

The Elf decided that he'd fulfilled his tasks for this day --
above and beyond any _reasonable_ call of duty -- and hastily
retreated to the relative serenity of his room.  Behind him, the
laughter continued, and Keeper let loose a howl of pure joy.

