                            Hunted
                            ------

The young barbarian girl surveyed the carnage that was, just a
short while ago, the "animal pen" ... three chickens, a pig, and
the milk-cow ... all dead now.  Mutilated, actually, their bellies
ripped open and some of the internal organs missing.  Blood
everywhere. 

The horrific scene should have given her a fright, but it did not.
Instead she felt only a cold numbness.  These animals, few as they
were, were her family's only livelihood.  Without them, they were
hopelessly destitute. 

Not that they were rich before -- far from it.  The brutal tax
policy of the Lord Landholder in these parts guaranteed that the
peasants had the bare minimum for survival -- and nothing more.
Her father had succumbed to illness two years back -- a curable
condition, she was sure, if only the family had been able to
afford a surgeon.  Now she, her mother, and her younger sister did
what they could. 

She was glad of one thing -- that the two of them were currently
in the fields; they didn't need to see this.  Yet.  It bought her
some time, time to find her center, survey the situation calmly,
suppress the rage and panic that were both trying to boil up and
take control. 

It had been either a wolf or a very large and nasty dog, that was
clear from the paw prints, the random bits of fur, and the bite
marks.  But the killing scene was too chaotic for a normal hunt --
too much meat left on the corpses, too much blood left lying.
Only the vitals -- heart and liver -- were missing from each
carcass; as if the attacker had needed the maximum amount of blood
 and sustenance in the quickest possible time and couldn't afford
to be nice about it. 

Had anyone been able to read the girl's mind at this time, they
would have been quite surprised by her ability to see all this.
After all, what did peasant girls of 14 years know about hunting
and killing?  At 15, they were expected to be happily married and
producing babies; so at her age, this girl with no fiancé had
enough to worry about, thank you! 

But marriage and family were far from this girl's mind.  Not that
she lacked for young men who were interested, mind you, and not
because she didn't find men interesting; it was just that she had
another passion, something that was very un-ladylike, something
that would cause a scandal if it ever came out, something that she
hid even from her mother. 

This girl was a huntress, and not too shabby about it, if anyone
cared.  In fact, she was certain she could feed her family well
enough with the kills she brought in -- if the Lord Landholder
permitted hunting on his land, which he did not, so that would
make her a poacher.  And there was so much work to do on the farm
since her father passed that there was no real time for it anyway.
So they lived, as best they could, from the animals. 

Which were now all dead.  The numbness she felt was quickly giving
 itself over to iciness.  There was something else about the
murder scene -- it wasn't more than a few minutes old.  Sudden
resolve took her.  Nothing more to lose, now.  She would-- 

--horses.  Coming this way fast.  She emergeed from the barn just
as the Landholder's soldiers -- six of them, she counted -- reined
up in a swirl of dust. 

"Ho, girl!" said the apparent leader.  "Have you seen the wolf we
are tracking?  A big, grey one, with massive teeth and an ill
temper?  It broke into the lord's stables and slew his prize
stallion, if you please!  Was feasting on it greedily when we
attacked, too.  The beast took down four of my brave men before
we wounded it, and now we give chase.  Our lord commands that its
hide should hang from the battlements before sundown or it will be
_our_ hides that hang!  What know ye, girl?  Speak quickly!" 

The man disgusted her.  He and his "soldiers" were better known
among the peasants for the "liberties" they took than for their
ability in a fight.  His bravado was meant to impress her.  This
girl did that to him.  Oh, but if he only had the _time_ -- there
were so many better things he could be doing with this girl than
enquiring about a wolf.  But he had his orders -- his neck was on
the line, so such niceties would have to wait.  Perhaps on the way
back, after they took care of the wolf... 

The girl was well aware of the man's thinking, as women in such
situations always are, even if the men are too dim-witted to
realize it.  She studied his body too.  Specifically, the neck --
the exposed flesh just above the collar of the breastplate and
below the helm.  One shot was all she needed.  If she only had her
bow.  If only there weren't five others. 

She said nothing, still filled with ice.  She simply jerked her
head toward the barn.  One of the men dismounted and went inside,
and then came quickly out.  "We're hot on the trail, Captain!" 

Really, thought the girl.  How can you tell? 

"Quickly, then!"  He nodded to the girl and grinned, exposing
yellow teeth.  "Miss."  And they galloped off. 

In the wrong direction. 

With the distraction finally ended, she ran to the corner of the
barn and dug through the hay until she found the blanket.  She
unfolded it to reveal a bow and a quiver of arrows -- her most
prized possessions in the entire world.

A moment later she -- not the soldiers -- was "hot on the wolf's
trail".  It wasn't terribly difficult -- the wolf was indeed
wounded.  Not only did this slow it down, but also made it
careless about hiding its tracks; not to mention the trail of
blood -- blood that the wolf was still losing.  She shook her
head inwardly at the stupidity of the soldiers and continued on,
gaining on the wolf. 

In not much time at all, she had closed the distance.  Just up
ahead, she thought, as she crawled as quietly as possible through
the brush.  She knew the place where the wolf was because it was
a place she liked to visit, when she had time -- a pool in the
forest, with a little waterfall from the rock face above it.  A
place for peace, tranquillity, inner reflection. 

And a place where this wolf has come to die, even if it doesn't
know it, she thought, as she nimbly plucked an arrow from her
quiver and expertly nocked it.  She could hear the wolf splashing
around in the water, the cadence of the waterfall altered as it
broke on the wolf's body before falling into the pool.  One final
nudge forward, the arrow nocked and ready, she would _see_ her
target, be able to make the final aim and let the arrow fly.  Just
another little bit and... 

...she could see.  And caught her breath.  Her jaw fell open. 

For there was no wolf in the pool.  It was a man.  But not a "man"
-- what was the word for it?  Elf!  That wass it.  An elf.  A male
elf.  In her pool.  A male elf bathing naked in her pool. 

She had never seen an elf before.  She had never been far enough
from home to believe that such creatures exist.  But here it was,
straight out of a fairy tale. 

The girl shook her head briefly.  She had momentarily forgotten
why she was here.  Then she remembered.  She had been tracking a
wolf.  A wolf that had just destroyed her family's existence.
She had tracked it flawlessly.  The wolf _must_ be here.  Right
_here_.   But there was no wolf -- there was only this Elf. 

The Elf suddenly gasped, biting his teeth together in pain, but
the girl couldn't see why.  Then the Elf turned around and she saw
the shaft of the arrow stuck in his side, an arrow that the Elf
was now slowly pulling out.  With a final gasp, he pulled it out
completely and tossed it aside.  Now she could see two other
wounds, long and jagged slices that must have come from swords.
All three were still bleeding, but not as much as she would have
expected.  And as she watched, she was amazed to see the wounds
closing right before her eyes.  The elf was breathing deeply now,
eyes closed, concentration inward.  It occurred to her that she
was close enough for him to sense her presence -- she had heard
elves could do such things -- but she was unable to move, so
spellbound did this strange scene hold her. 

The wounds were now completely closed.  Only scars remained, but
these too were fading.  The Elf sighed with satisfaction and
opened his eyes.  He gathered his long blond hair in both hands,
wringing it out, exposing his pointed ears.  Then he slowly left
the pool.  And the girl carefully followed, not wanting to lose
sight of him, curiosity overcoming good sense. 

Now the Elf stopped and appeared to be studying the ground,
shifting his gaze from side to side as if searching for something.
Suddenly his eyes locked onto a spot and he dropped to his knees.
As the amazed girl watched, the Elf plunged his hands into the
solid ground as if it were sand --  and _dug_!   Within a few
seconds, there was a hole in the ground that was bigger and deeper
than a man could have made in a few minutes had he used a
_shovel_.  And the Elf wasn't even dirty! 

Out of the hole came a large sack, whose contents the Elf dumped
on the ground beside him:  clothing, leather armor, boots, gloves,
some provisions, and an oaken quarterstaff.  The elf quickly
dressed, slung the sack over his shoulder, and took up the staff.
He was about to leave, but then suddenly stiffened.  So did the
girl -- she realized now she had been too careless; but she didn't
dare move now, for that would give her away immediately.  She held
her breath and tried to tell her heart to stop beating. 

The Elf sniffed.  One pointed ear twitched.  And then the corner
of his mouth turned up a bit, he relaxed, and turned his gaze
unerringly to the bush behind which the girl was hidden.  The
girl, eyes wide, heart in her throat, simply waited, being as
still as she could. 

The Elf smiled and dropped to one knee.  He laid his staff down,
picked up a twig and appeared to be writing something on the
ground.  He finished, stood up, slung his sack over his shoulder,
picked up his staff -- and left. 

The girl waited, not moving until she thought that the Elf was
far enough away.  Then she let out her pent-up breath in a rush
and gulped in fresh air to her starved lungs.  When her heartbeat
slowed down somewhat, she emerged from her hiding place and
carefully approached the spot where the Elf had been.  He had
left a leather pouch, she now noticed.  But first she turned her
attention to the ground next to the pouch, where the Elf had
indeed written something in the dirt... 

     "Please forgive me about your livestock, but the Wolf's need
was very great." 

The girl blinked, trying to digest the implications of it.  But
before going on with that for too long, she opened the pouch.
Gold coins.  LOTS of gold coins!  More gold coins than she had
ever seen in her life.  Enough gold coins to buy dozens of
chickens, pigs, and cows. 

Enough to get a better bow, a nicer quiver, an endless supply of
arrows. 

Enough for her, her mother and sister to move away from the Lord
Landholder's realm and start a new life somewhere else. 

The girl tied the pouch to her belt.  She smoothed over the ground
upon which the Elf had written, erasing his words.  Then she took
up her bow and headed home.  Just a few steps later she was
singing.

