                            Initiation
                            ----------

The Elf -- his entire body now covered in the strange ointment and
the Beast ROARING inside him -- shouted his allegiance to the
Spirit of the Wolf. 

A strange power seized control of his mind and body.  He felt an
inner pressure build and quickly push against the limits of his
flesh.  The Elf grimaced with the effort of holding himself in
one piece, fists clenching, eyes closing tightly, teeth grinding
together.  And then the pressure exploded out of him, finding
egress through every orifice of his body and pore of his skin. 

Suddenly free of his exertion, the Elf went limp.  But a field of
light and energy now surrounded him and held him in place, kept
him from falling to the ground.   And despite his closed eyes, the
Elf saw very clearly that it was the Beast -- no longer merely
inside him, but now all around him as well, holding him spellbound
in its irresistible embrace.  Yes, the Elf said, talking to the
Beast, not with coarse and limited speech, but with pure and
unlimited mental power.  I know you now, the Elf said.  You are
me.   And I am you.  We are one.  We always have been.  And now
we always will be. 

As if in answer, the light that was the Beast suddenly blazed,
and in his mind's eye, the Elf saw the light take form.  The Beast
opened its jaws, exposed sharp, gleaming teeth -- and sank them
into the Elf's shoulder. 

The Elf convulsed and cried out.  Was it pain or pleasure?  If
anyone observed the scene, they would not be able to tell; indeed
the Elf, recalling it later, would not know.  And it didn't
matter.  All that mattered was that the Elf and the Beast were
united; the two aspects of the Elf's being now irrevocably one. 

The Beast released its grip on the Elf's shoulder and, its work
complete, disappeared back into the Elf.  No longer held up by the
Beast's energy, the Elf crumpled to the ground and knew no more.

...

The sounds were the first thing the Elf registered as his
consciousness slowly emerged from the darkness.  Unnaturally many
and loud, they were; this clearing in the woods wasn't so teeming
with life when he arrived, he was sure of it.  Next came the
odors.  There was a living thing very close by -- had to be the
Old Man.  By smell alone, the Elf could now detect the Old Man's
advanced age but also his sturdiness.  There must also be many
woodland creatures close by -- bears, rabbits, deer, rodents,
birds -- he could smell them all.  He didn't remember the little
clearing in the woods holding so much life!  Was he still in the
clearing?  Or had the Old Man moved him somewhere else while the
Elf lay unconscious?  That thought brought him to ... 

... open his eyes.  Yes, still in the clearing.  And the Old Man
was there, sitting in a meditative posture in front of a bowl of
creamy fluid, eyes closed, chanting, occasionally waving his hands
over the bowl.  But where were all the woodland creatures?  The
Elf still clearly smelled them; many of the scents so strong that
he reasoned the animals had to be in the very clearing -- yet his
eyes saw only the Old Man and himself.  He heard a bird cry -- a
high-pitched tone that he had never heard before, even though he
knew every variety of bird in these woods. 

The Elf stood up stiffly, his muscles coming only slowly back to
life.  As he reached full height, he stretched his shoulders --
and felt pain there near to his neck.  His hand found its way
instinctively to the spot, and felt -- 

-- the Elf twisted his head around to see itt ... two markings ...
puncture wounds that broke the skin, and a short, jagged rip
extending from each point.  A bite mark.  The Mark of the Beast. 

And suddenly it all came back to him.  And he understood.  The
odors he smelled so clearly were not creatures in his immediate
vicinity -- they were farther away.  The high-pitched bird cry was
in an audio range that no humanoid ear could ever sense.  He was
no longer the Elf -- he was Elf, Beast, and Wolf, all rolled into
one. 

A dull thudding sound brought him back to the present.  The Old
Man had finished his incantation and had just set the bowl, now
refilled, down on the tree stump where it had been before the Elf
had picked it up and unceremoniously dumped it over himself. 

And now the Old Man turned to face the Elf, one eyebrow slightly
raised, eyes twinkling.  And the Elf heard the Old Man speak, but
it sounded more like singing, or a wolf howling, and the Elf could
hear it only in his mind. 

That the Elf was now a Lone Wolf of the Garou; that he must learn
what that means; that he must listen to the Stories; that he must
find the Balance between Wolf and Human-kind; and that he must
always fight the Unnatural and That Which is Against Gaia. 

And the Elf understood because the message spoke directly to his
Intuition where, freed from the bonds of logic and materialistic
delusion, one may unerringly discern the Truth. 

The Old Man nodded, satisfied.  He then stepped to one side and
gestured with one hand, indicating a hole in the ground that the
Elf had not seen before, but somehow he knew that it must have
been there all the time.   With his heightened sense of smell, he
could now perceive the mixture of odors wafting from the hole;
taken altogether, it smelled like ... 

... Home. 

The Elf wriggled down into the hole -- it was just big enough for
him -- and disappeared.

