                         A Difficult Mission
                         -------------------

The cold bath had actually been a wonderful idea, thought the Elf,
smiling to himself as he dried off.  He had broken quite a sweat
during the just-concluded sparring session with his pack sister
and wasn't it wonderful to feel clean again!  And then there was
the "other sweat" he had broken when she had tried to ... the Elf
shuddered, trying to forget it, not quite succeeding.  A part of
him still couldn't believe that he had interrupted the course of
nature by calling telepathically for help from the pack.  Another
part of him was damned glad of it.  And for the cold water.

The Elf dressed and, per Shamaness' request (order), went to find
Keeper to see what it was that he "needed a paw or two with."  He
didn't need to call out, ask anyone, or even use the pack's
telepathy -- one sniff of the air in the cave told him where
everyone was.

"Ah, pup!  There you are at last," smiled Keeper as the Elf
entered the room.  "Your bath was good?  And took care of your
... needs?"  He grinned knowingly.

The Elf bit his tongue and bowed his head slightly.  "Keeper."

The Elf liked Keeper, but then, so did everyone, even those not
in the pack.  (Especially the females).  Keeper was a bit smaller
than average in height and build, with a round face that almost
always had a smile on it.  His easy-going nature, quick wit, and
effortless humor made him quite the hit at any social gathering.
(Especially with the lady-wolves).  Except when Leader was gone
and Keeper was in charge -- then it was no-nonsense, strictly by-
the-Litany, and Gaea help you if you didn't toe the line!

But Leader was around today, so the Elf was happy to see that
Keeper was his usual, jovial self. 

"And what may I do for you, Keeper?" enquired the Elf.

"Heh-heh!  Not just for _me_, Pup," he grinned and gestured with a
finger.  "For everybody!"

"Hmph," snorted the Elf.  "Let me think," he said with mock
thoughtfulness.  "I suppose it's my turn to--"

"--go shopping for the pack?!  YES, Pup!  You're RIGHT!  You win
the dinette set and the trip to Volcano Island, woo woo!" laughed
Keeper, and he broke into a little song and dance.  Well, "dance"
was a dubious term, because it didn't resemble any of the dances
of the Garou.  Keeper sort of jerked his hips from side-to-side,
rotated them, thrust his pelvis back and forth, and mixed it all
together.  Keeper called this the "bump-and-grind".  Elf believed
that perhaps in some far away place in some far away time, this
thing might actually be popular.

And as Keeper did the "bump-and-grind", he sang a little ditty, no
doubt something he'd just pulled out of the air...

     _Shop_!__Shop_!__'Til_ya'_drop_!

Bump-grind-grind-bump.

     _Shop!__Shop!__NEVER_stop_!

Grind-bump-bump-grind.

Keeper was the absolute, hands-down hit at the revels -- all the
females wanted to be near him while the males wished they could
move _like_ him -- or kill him out of jealousy.  Some had actually
challenged him because of it, but had naturally given some other
reason for it.  No matter -- Keeper hadn't lost a challenge yet,
which of course made him even _more_ desirable, etc.

Keeper caught the Elf's eye, looked in mock confusion at his own
hips, which were _still_ bumping and grinding, placed his hands on
them firmly, and fought them to a standstill.  When they were
still, he released his hands, at which point his hips immediately
did another bump, so he again slapped his hands onto them, this
time wincing with the effort of making them stop, while grinning
"apologetically" at the Elf.  He removed his hands more carefully,
intently watching his pelvic area for any sign of a relapse.  When
there was none, Keeper nodded with satisfaction.

"Sorry about that, Pup," he smirked.  "But when the rhythm takes
me..."  He chuckled.

"Indeed," replied the Elf, trying to appear serious, but unable to
suppress a grin.

"Well," said Keeper, back in something-resembling-business-mode,
"Let's go over the list, then, shall we?  Now ... in addition to
the normal provisions, etc., Leader is expecting an important
letter from over the sea, so you need to stop by the post office.
Shamaness needs this necklace repaired -- he handed the Elf a
small leather pouch -- so that's a trip to Moon's.  Your older
sister needs a weapon pickup -- Taylor will know, and -- this just
in! -- your younger sister was here a minute ago -- she needs a
new thong."

The Elf stared.  "She needs a new WHAT?!"

Keeper blinked.  "A new thong.  It's an undergarment that--"

"I _know_ what it is!" replied the Elf testily.  His head suddenly
hurt him and he rubbed his temple.

Keeper chuckled.  "Well, she said that it got -- damaged -- during
your little sparring match.  Must have been quite a match!" mused
Keeper cheerfully.

The Elf groaned, hand still on his head.

"And since it was a matching set, she said she'll also need a new
brassiere."

"Heh!" replied the Elf, throwing up his hands.  "Have TWO!"  Then
he sighed.  "Do I _have_ to?"

"Now, Pup," replied Keeper gently.  "You know the rules.  We all
take turns with these errand runs.  And we all get what the other
needs, no exceptions."

The Elf sighed, intentionally drawing it out to calm himself, and
nodded.  He knew very well.

"It's like this Keeper," he said.  "It's always a privilege to do
whatever test Leader or you put before me.  Heh -- on the last
two, I almost died, but that was all right, because I was doing
what I'm supposed to do, what I know _how_ to do.  But this!  I
have absolutely _no_ idea how to go about _this_!  Tell me to
storm the city walls alone with both hind legs tied and I'll do
it.  Ask me to have lunch with a dozen lava worms without
_becoming_ lunch and I'll get right down to Underworld.  Tell me
to personally check the weather in the heart of Malfeas and I'll
be on my way.  But _this_?!  Where in all the Land do I find a --
a thong and matching brassiere, for the love of Luna?!"

Keeper's eyes twinkled.  "Ah, but I've not yet told what you must
do for _me_, and therein lies your solution, my lucky Pup!"

Keeper grinned and handed the Elf a small scroll.  "Take this to
the witch who lives off the main road in the direction of the
docks.  You know the one?"  The Elf nodded, and Keeper continued,
"She'll help you with your sister's ... exotic apparel needs."  He
smirked.

The Elf gave Keeper a deeply doubtful look as he took the scroll.
Keeper just winked at him.

Sighing, the Elf made his way to the exit and hit the road toward
the City.

