                         The Ointment
                         ------------

The Elf extended his hand toward the bowl of strange ointment and
dipped the tip of his right index finger into it.  The total
absence of warmth or cold told him that the ointment was the exact
same temperature as his body.  Under normal circumstances, this
fact might have seemed strange to him, but then "strange" seemed
to be the norm in this place, so he just went with it.  He slowly
pulled his hand back and held it before him at eye level. 

He had dipped his finger up to the first knuckle, but he noticed
that the ointment was spreading all by itself.  It now covered his
finger almost to the second knuckle, and it continued onward.
Everywhere it touched, it activated the nerves, sending an
exhilarating tingle through him.  But he also perceived that, as
it spread, it thinned out, and he realized it was losing its
potency -- whatever the ointment was meant to do, it would not
come to fruition with the little bit that he had allowed to touch
his skin. 

He was suddenly aware of the Beast again.  It was still there
where he had left it -- in the forefront of his conscious mind,
no longer buried.  And with the application of the ointment, he
could see the Beast a little more clearly, but now that extra
clarity was receding from his mind even as the ointment dried on
his skin and dissipated. 

The Elf again touched the ointment, this time immersing his entire
right hand in it before pulling away.  Now the sensations came
stronger, emanating from his creamed hand and quickly spreading
to his entire body.  The Elf shuddered with an obscure pleasure.
His eyes rolled up to his forehead and he clearly saw the Beast
lift its head and snarl.  The ointment quickly spread up his right
arm, reached the shoulder ... and began to thin out.  The
sensations receded and the Beast closed its mouth. 

No.  The thought popped into the Elf's mind as he realized the
effect was leaving him again.  No.  No!  He thought of The Dream
again, The Dream that always left him right when it was getting to
the point, tantalized him with a secret that was just beyond his
conscious grasp as he woke from it -- he the Hunter pursuing the
Prey through the deep woods, the trees flying past him as he ran
(flew?) on limbs he couldn't have.  But now the ointment had
worked on him and he saw the dream clearly, the parts that were
previously only hinted at now in stark relief... 

...he was the Wolf.  His unnatural speed came from _four_ legs,
not two.  His front legs pulled his body forward, left the ground,
the hind legs pushed him onward, left the ground, the front legs
came down again, pulled, lifted, the hind legs again ... pull ...
push.  Pull-push-pull-push ... da da DUM da da DUM da da DUM.  The
coordination perfect, propelling him along with a velocity that
no biped could ever match. 

And his incredible sense of smell?  His wolfen snout with its
hypersensitive nose, the foremost portion of his quadruped
anatomy, stuck out in front of him as he ran, homing in unerringly
on the scent of the Prey fleeing him up ahead.  He smelled it
again -- clearer than ever before -- its perspiration, its shit,
the earth it kicked up, and above all, the wonderfully
intoxicating scent of its Mortal Fear. 

And though he couldn't yet see it, he knew now that it was a stag
-- a big one.  And then, as he rounded a bennd, he saw it.  Not
just any stag -- the White Stag!  He slobbered uncontrollably as
he closed the last distance, clamped his my-what-big-teeth-I-have
jaw on the underside of its neck, bit down for all he was worth,
and shook.  The blood of the White Stag drenched his face and as
he eagerly gulped it down, he felt an ecstasy that was purer and
infinitely more pleasurable than anything he'd ever experienced.
And then the Elf... 

...snapped out of it and realized that the ointment had again
dried without completing its work.  And again his mind screamed
NO!  No more would he be denied.  He grasped the collar of his
tunic with both hands and gave a mighty yank, tearing the fabric
away in one swipe.  He plunged both hands into the bowl and
splashed the ointment unashamedly on his chest.  It spread quickly
over his torso, and the Beast howled its pleasure. 

But what if it _still_ would not be enough?!  No!  The Elf grasped
the bowl itself, lifted it high above his head -- and turned it
over.  And as its entire contents splashed down upon his upturned
face, saturated his long, blond hair, ran down his back and chest,
spread and enveloped his entire body, and as the Beast within him
ROARED -- 

-- the Elf shouted his allegiance to the Spiirit of the Wolf.

