                          The Old Man
                          -----------

The Elf stood before the Old Man and weighed a decision that would
alter his life.  Forever and irrevocably.

The Old Man had fallen silent after talking for quite a long time
-- how long exactly, the Elf did not know.   Nor did he care.  He
had long ceased to be concerned at all about the passage of time,
so fascinating had he found the Old Man's ramblings.  And to be
sure, the Old Man had only talked so long because the Elf had
insisted on asking him so many questions -- probably more than
what most visitors wanted to know -- but then the Elf was not one
to be hasty about such a decision, and happy to let the Old Man
take as long as he wanted.  For his part, the Old Man seemed
content to answer any question the Elf posed, as if he had nothing
else to do in life.  The Elf guessed that that was not far from
the truth.

The small clearing in which the Old Man and the Elf stood was part
of a larger forest to the southwest of the City.  It was not
exactly a "secret" place, for anyone exploring the forest would,
if they were thorough, eventually stumble upon it.  But most
people who came here -- the Elf included -- did so because they
were _drawn_ here.

And what drew them?  The Elf could only speak for himself (were
he indeed to speak of it at all, which he had never done to
anyone):  it had been a nagging and compelling feeling that
_something_ -- some part of him -- was missing.  Well, not exactly
"missing".   Perhaps "unfulfilled", or "suppressed".  Deeply
buried until some catalyst pulled it from the depths of the
subconscious.

It had started with dreams.  Surreal visions they had been.  The
type of dream where one knows one is dreaming, but cannot stop it,
and does not _want_ to stop it, and then it ends by itself,
leaving one strangely bereft of something that one held dear, but
only realizing it at the end.  There was one dream that was
clearer than any of them, and it swiftly passed before his mind's
eye now as he stood in this clearing in the forest with the Old
Man...

...running through the deep woods, only he couldn't be "running",
could he?  The trees on either side were flying past him far too
swiftly -- even for an Elf.  "Flying" would be a more apt
description, but then, one's feet don't touch the ground when one
flies, do they?  And his feet _were_ touching the ground, but how
strange ... the rhythm was all wrong for "feet" alone.  It
occurred to him that he might be running on all fours, but he knew
that was impossible because there was no way at all for arms and
hands, legs and feet, to be that perfectly coordinated.

And there was something else ... something up ahead.  Something
moving almost as swiftly _away_ from the Elf.  _Almost_.  That was
the important point, and the Elf found that strangely
exhilarating.  He was _chasing_ the Thing in front of him --
_gaining_ on it -- and it was somewhere ahead, still out-of-sight
amongst those same trees that were flying past the Elf as he ran
(flew).  The Elf could not see the Thing -- not with his eyes,
anyway.  But he could _smell_ it -- with an olfactory sensitivity
that he logically knew he did not possess.  The Thing sweated with
its exertion.  It had emptied its bowels along the way.  The earth
it kicked up in its wake exuded freshness and hinted of the hard
winter just passed and the wondrous spring just arriving.

But above all, the Elf smelled its mortal FEAR.  And that fear --
more than the physical scents -- allowed him to _see_ it in a way
that was far clearer than he had ever seen any prey he had ever
tracked with his _eyes_.

Ever closer he came, the trees a blur as they flew by him on
either side, the strange rhythm of his feet (and hands?)
quickening, the fear-smell growing ever stronger as he drew nearer
to the Thing up ahead. 

And then he was on it.  What exactly it was he didn't remember,
and it didn't matter.  It only mattered that he was the Hunter, it
was the Prey, and now he had his jaw (why am I not using my bow?
And why does my jaw feel not like my jaw at all but like something
... else?) clamped to its neck (why are my teeth so many and so
sharp?)  And as his sharp teeth (that he knew he couldn't have)
broke the Thing's skin, as the warm blood gushed over his muzzle,
splashed his face, slid down his throat, and... 

...the Elf snapped out of it, just as he had snapped awake on so
many occasions, the sheets drenched in his sweat, and the taste of
the Thing's blood still in his mouth. 

The Old Man was watching him now, a strange glint in his eye that
wasn't there before; he knows, thought the Elf.  By Elbereth, he
_knows_!  But the Old Man said nothing, simply waited patiently
for the Elf to ask another question. 

But for the moment, the Elf had nothing to ask.  Truth was, he
could not find his voice.  And yet he knew what he was going to
do, with clarity of understanding that comes not from conscious
thought, but from somewhere deeper.  The Elf stood and moved
toward the bowl with the strange ointment.

