                             Pack Hunt
                             ---------

The idyllic peace of the meadow was suddenly disturbed by the
swift arrival and departure of six quadrupeds.  As the birds took
wing and the rabbits dove for their holes, the creatures topped
the rise and surged over the grass, three in front and three
behind.  And then they were gone, only wind in their wake.  No
tracks were visible on the ground and not a flower was broken;
only the blades of grass which had been under their feet were
bent, and even these were moving upright again.  Now the birds
returned and the rabbits ventured forth from their holes as if
nothing at all had occurred.

The Wolf always liked the pack hunts.  Flying along with your
pack mates at your side, the wind whistling in your ears and
running its fingers through your fur, the landscape a blur!  And
that collective presence, six moving as one, the power of the pack
greater than the sum of its individual members.  It always made
him giddy.  What could stand against such awesome force?  Nothing
ever _had_!

His pack sister -- ranked 4th of six in the pack and 2nd of three
amongst the females, running on his right -- caught his eye and
flashed him a grin as they raced over the meadow.  The Wolf
returned the grin and kept running.

But there was something different about this hunt, thought the
wolf, and he frowned inwardly, trying to place it.  The
excitement, adrenaline, rush of emotion -- all there, as usual;
but something else too.   A kind of ... foreboding?  The Wolf
shook his head as he ran, trying to clear it -- how many pack
hunts had he been part of?  More than a few.  Sure, there had
always been danger -- no danger, no fun! -- and yet...

It was nothing, really, he told himself now as the pack raced
along.  An old fence loomed ahead, part of some farmer's attempt
to mark his pasture.  The three wolves in front sprang over it in
a graceful arc, landing lightly on the other side and continuing
to run.  The three behind -- including the Wolf himself -- did the
same a few seconds later.  Aaaahhhhhhhhh!  Flying without wings --
was there any greater thrill?  For a few wonderful moments, he
totally forgot his anxiety.

But after he landed on the other side and resumed the pace, it
reared up in his mind again.  Damn it all, there was something
Not Right about this hunt -- Intuition told him so.  But Logic
was quick to point out that no one else in the pack felt anything
abnormal and even so, the Pack has never lost a wolf -- Leader is
too good for that.  He always anticipates danger and wouldn't lead
us into anything fatal!

                  (What if he doesn't _know_?!)

The horrible implications of that thought hit the Wolf so hard
that he missed the pace and nearly stumbled.  Not possible!
Declared Logic emphatically.  Who are _you_?  Just a pup!  You
think _you_ could sense something so important but Leader could
_not_?  Dammit, pull yourself together!

_OK_in_back_?

The message was a kind of singing and howling combined and he
could only hear it in his head; in fact, the whole pack could
hear it, but no one outside the pack, be they man or wolf, could
pick it up.  This message came from Leader, running in the front
row on the left side, directly in front of the Wolf.  And the Wolf
realized, to his great embarrassment, that his thought to "pull
himself together" had been so strong that it had escaped the
boundaries of his own mind and entered the realm of "pack talk".
He glanced to his right and saw a mix of amusement and concern in
the eyes of his sister.

_Yes_OK_sorry_think_too_loud_.

_Sure_OK_?

This time from Shamaness, running on Leader's right.

_Yes_fine_sorry_lagged_now_on_pace_OK_now_sorry_.

_No_worry_pup_ (Leader again) _almost_there_now_.

Ah, good, almost there, where we will...

          (all die!)

(Stop it!)

...hunt the prey, kill it, and feast on its corpse as we always
do!  We are the Pack, the Hand of Gaea, and nothing...

          (will save us now)

(I said STOP IT!!)

...will stand in our way!

_On_line_!

Leader.  He only ordered this when he believed the foe to be
especially tough and he wanted the whole pack to strike at one
time.  Usually the pack kept one, two, or even three members "in
reserve" to react to the situation as it developed.  The order
came just as they were climbing a little ridge.  Six abreast, they
topped it.

And at that moment, the Wolf could _see_.  The "ridge" was
actually the lip of a "sunken bowl" in the ground.  Nothing grew
on the inside of the bowl -- just dirt and rock.  At the bottom,
in the center, was their Prey.

(YOU are the prey!)

          (Quiet, damn you!)

It had a cylindrical body of irregular shape.  It stood some three
meters tall with perhaps half that in diameter.  Dozens of
tentacles grew out of the top third of its body and it had no
visible eyes, mouth, or any other facial features.  And its lower
body was actually embedded in the ground.  It looked like some
madman's concept of a tree, with tentacles for branches.

The Pack cleared the bowl's rim and began the descent, quickly
closing the distance.  Now it would put the Battle Plan into
action:  Keeper would howl his rage, freezing the foe with fear,
while Leader, Shamaness and Grinning Sister lunged.  The Wolf and
his youngest sister would distract with feints and harries.  That
would take care of the first seconds -- after that, the Pack
would react according to how badly it hurt the Prey...

         (Prey hurts YOU)

(Not listening!)

...and adjust its attack on-the-fly.

But the Battle Plan didn't happen.  Just before it should have
happened, Hell broke loose.

Before any wolf could rage, lunge, harry, or do anything, the
Tree-creature lashed out with exactly 27 tentacles and
simultaneously struck each pack member -- six for Leader, five
each for Shamaness and Keeper, four each for Wolf's two other
sisters, and three for Wolf himself.

It understands the pack rank!  That thought raced through the
Wolf's mind just as the tentacles slammed into him like great
fists.  Everything went dark for a moment, and when he managed to
open his eyes, he found his vision was blurry and his head hurt
awfully.  He tried to get up but there was no strength in his
legs.  Messages were flooding in from the Pack as his mates
regained consciousness...

_What_that_?

_Hurt_.

_Power_immense_.

_Move_!

_Legs_cannot_.

_Must_up_.

_Attack_!

_Wyrm.__It_is_Wyrm_.

That last one came from Shamaness, always the most sensitive
member of the pack.  On the surface, that was a no-brainer -- all
their enemies were "wyrm".  What Shamaness meant was:  this one
was different.  Stronger.

And the Wolf suddenly understood that the weakness in his legs
had nothing to do with any bodily injury -- he couldn't stand
because the Wyrm-Tree did not want him to stand.

Sudden resolve burned in him and he struggled to his feet, even
though his Wyrm-infected mind strongly assured him that he needed
to lie down and take it easy, that the world would be so much
nicer if he just relaxed.  But with a final push of will, the
Wyrm's power snapped.  The Wolf gained his feet and howled his
triumph.  Five other howls joined his and the Pack sprang at the
Wyrm-Tree.

And promptly landed on their backs, victim of some invisible force
the Thing unleashed.  Too powerful, thought Wolf as he fought the
pain.  We underestimated this foe.  Leader did not know!

Now the tentacles were coming again, punching and grabbing.  He
saw one wrap around his sister and hold her aloft, squeezing.
Keeper lunged and bit down on the tentacle, shaking his head
furiously, biting completely through.  The lifeless tentacle fell
to the ground -- but his sister lay motionless.  Three tentacles
hit Keeper while two more picked him up and squeezed.  The Wolf
saw his other pack mates in the same predicament, and now it
grabbed him too and the ground fell away from his feet.

Breathing was difficult, but he could just manage enough to keep
conscious.  And that was all he could do -- all other attempts to
move, attack, or break free were in vain, though he struggled
mightily.  And then something _really_ terrible happened and...

...the Elf awoke with a gasp, drenched in a cold sweat.  A few
seconds later, he realized where he was.  Another few seconds and
he remembered to resume breathing.  A full minute after that and
he felt calm enough to go for a walk -- sleep was hopeless for a
while.  He walked the twisty passages that led from the pack cave
to the Meeting Hall and then found his way to the Spring.  He
dropped to his knees before the water, drew some into his cupped
hands and drank.  It was icy cold at first, but then its clean,
wholesome taste filled the emptiness in his being.  There.  Much
better.  He sat back and breathed deeply.

Someone coming.  He sniffed.  Shamaness.  She entered the cave
and sat down next to him, eyes filled with concern.  Neither said
anything for a while.  Finally, Shamaness prompted:  "Would you
like to talk about it?"

To his surprise, the Elf realized that he _did_ want to talk
about it.  And so he related the dream to her, but she didn't
look satisfied.  "You are holding something back, Pup."

Shamaness was like that -- you couldn't fool her.  She couldn't
exactly read your mind, but she had a formidable intuition.  You
simply never lied to Shamaness!

Swallowing, the Elf told her the worst part:  "Just before I
awoke, when the Thing had me in its grasp, I saw all of you die.
But I remained alive.  It kept me alive so that I could see you
all die.  And there was nothing I could do about it!"  Saying it
made him relive it.  He shivered uncontrollably and couldn't stop
the tears from coming.

Shamaness put her arms around him.  "OK, Pup, it's OK now," she
soothed.  "Rest.  We will talk more of this later."

But the Elf couldn't help asking one more thing.  "Why didn't
Leader know?  Why did I know but Leader did not?"

She became thoughtful, stroking his head in her lap to calm him.
Then she sighed.  "Strong I am by Gaea's grace, Pup, as is Leader;
as are _you_."  She smiled down at him briefly, and then
continued.  "But I cannot know all.  Mayhap you are sensitive to
this thing because there is something unique in your spirit that
neither Leader nor I possess.  We all have our uniqueness, and
although we are a Pack, it is the combination of those uniques
that, in the end, make our Pack strong."

And in a softer voice:  "Enough now.  Sleeeeeeep."  And in spite
of himself, the Elf felt very drowsy and drifted off into a
peaceful slumber.

