                             The Report
                             ----------

REPORT TO THE COUNCIL, DARKWIND SEPT

SUBJECT:  Encounter with Black Spiral Dancers and Wyrm
Manifestation

LOCATION:  Darkwind, Wastelands, vicinity of Mendahl Village

DATE/TIME:  Windsday, Tarsakh, pre-dawn to dawn hours

SUBMITTER:  Nagha of the Silent Striders, Pack Leader of The Moon
Runners

SUMMARY:  the Pack, six members, tracked Dancer party.  Came upon
Mendahl Village, discovered 27 mostly adult male corpses and no
living beings.  Tracked 24 Dancers northeast of Mendahl, with 57
prisoners, all adult female or children.  Dancer haste unusually
great.  Attacked and destroyed all Dancers, freed prisoners.
Found Dancers' destination, discovered apparent infant
manifestation of Wyrm, destroyed or forced into remission.

FRIENDLY LOSSES:  none killed, all wounded -- three light
(recoverable), two moderate (recoverable), one critical
(uncertain).

ASSESSMENT:  Dancers apparently needed blood sacrifice to aid
major manifestation of Wyrm on physical world.  Unusually great
haste, probable sensitive timetable.  (Their "time" problem is
main reason for our successful surprise/shock attack and thus our
relatively light casualties).  Wyrm manifestation best described
as a kind of "tree-being", with "roots" into earth and "tentacles"
for "branches".  Creature was weak and fading when we found it.
We ringed it, waited, and it died (or faded into remission)
without our intervention, presumably for lack of energy which
blood sacrifice would have provided.  We dug for "roots", which
rotted even as we uncovered them.  We found no further evidence of
growth.

AFTERMATH:  future of Mendahl village unclear -- lost all their
adult males.  We provided first aid, succor, guidance.  Installed
late chief's son as acting leader.

VEIL:  preserved.  Villagers under severe shock and stress, but
now mostly because of adult male deaths; the Delirium represses
That Which They Should Not Remember.

RENOWN:  Submitted for approval -- Marcus the Ronin, six of six,
for extraordinarily heightened perception of entire situation,
start to finish, without which the Pack would never have found the
Dancers nor discovered the Wyrm manifestation, and for uncommon
valor during the ensuing battle.

End of Report.

