                             Seeking
                             -------

The Wolf paused for a moment to sniff the pre-dawn air.  He'd been
sprinting from one location to the other for most of the last five
hours and he needed a break as much as he needed to get his
bearings.  His pack mates were spread out in all directions from
him; the closest (Shamaness), was just over the rise of that
meadow; the farthest (his older sister), was some two kilometers
distant.

"Seek," Leader had said by way of "briefing" before this Pack Hunt
had started -- no more than that.  In any other organization, the
obvious question would be "WHAT are we seeking?" but in this Garou
Pack, "seek" was quite enough.  If there were any details about
the "what?", then Leader would have shared them, using the Pack's
telepathy to save time.

But he had provided nothing.  That meant that either he didn't
know what they were seeking, or he wanted the Pack Members to seek
without the bias of fore-knowledge.

However, one thing was clear -- this was no "outing", no "fun"
hunt.  Something serious lay behind it.  All of them felt it.

Leader had given Shamaness the "guide" position for this hunt.
That was a natural thing when so little was known/revealed about
the hunt's purpose, for she was the most intuitive member of the
pack.  And so she determined the direction and speed of the Hunt,
running on intuition alone.  She changed directions often.  Her
speed was inferior to the Wolf's because she was in homid -- or
"human" -- form.  Her Garou nature still allowed her to move
faster than any normal human, but only "slowly" relative to the
Pack.  But homid was necessary if she was to use the full range of
her spiritual powers, particularly the Vision.

Spread out all around her were the others ... our Wolf -- in full
lupus (wolf) form, only 100 meters away at this point.  Younger
Sister -- also lupus -- about 500 meters west.  Older Sister --
in crinos, the half-lupus and half-homid form -- some two
kilometers east.  Keeper (lupus) to the rear some 300 meters.  And
finally Leader -- crinos -- about a kilometer ahead.

But these distances and locations were unimportant, for they
shifted constantly as the hours of the Hunt moved along, each
member driven by whatever sights, sounds, or feelings they
experienced at any given moment.  But always they remained in
contact with each other, sharing any relevant bits of information
via the Pack's telepathy.

But such "bits of information" had been few and far between.
Leader called the Hunt just before midnight and now it was five
hours later with nothing to show for it.  In another hour or so,
dawn would come.  That didn't matter, of course.  The Pack was
quite capable of hunting any time, day or night, light or dark,
and in all weather conditions.  Well, rain made it difficult, of
course, what with lost scents.  But the night was dry; a bit cool
perhaps for the time of year, but otherwise quite fine for a Hunt.

And so our Wolf stood in the pre-dawn darkness, paws in the dewy
grass, breath misting as he panted, sniffing the air and taking a
short break.  He glanced up to check the moons.  He didn't need to
use his eyes for this -- he was perfectly capable of sensing the
condition of the moons any time, whether the sky was clear or
cloudy, even by brightest sunlit day.  But he liked to _see_ them.
And he could, for the night was only partly cloudy.

Dailos -- the magenta moon of chaos -- was half-full, which was
not far off the Wolf's own auspice.  Markas -- the red moon of
balance -- was waxing.  And Tekal -- green and wise -- was full.
Their combined light sparkled on the moist grass, and the Wolf
took joy at the sight of it.

Oops.  Enough of this Pleasant Interlude -- time to get moving!
This is a Hunt and I cannot remain in one place for long.  Where
now?  His head turned automatically to a spot some 300 meters
half-right from his present location.  There.  His leg muscles
tensed for the run -- but then froze.

The Wolf puzzled.  What..?  I'm certain I could move _now_ if I
try again, but why did my legs betray me just a moment ago? he
thought.  Why am I not arriving at that next spot, 300 meters from
where I now stand?  High time, there, Pup! his Reason told him.
Could we get a move on, please?  Before Leader or one of the
others notices that we are _not_ moving?  We aren't _slacking_
tonight, are we?

But still the Wolf made no move -- a _conscious_ decision this
time, not the intuitive one from a moment ago that had frozen his
leg muscles without any apparent reason.

Because he had to understand _why_ he had not moved, even if it
meant standing there all night.  Because the Pack was _seeking_
tonight.  He recalled his lessons...

----------

"It's like this, Pup," explained Shamaness, smiling gently as she
always did when she was giving instruction.  "When the Pack
_seeks_ something, we sometimes don't know _what_ it is that we
seek.  Sister Luna simply tells us that there is something we must
find."

"Why doesn't Luna just be clear about it, Shamaness?" the perhaps
overly-inquisitive Pup had responded.

She smiled patiently.  "With some things, _knowing_ the End
affects your actions to attain it, and the End you arrive at is
the End that _you_ envision -- but not the _true_ End."

The Elf nodded, keeping his eyes fixed on her.  Sometimes, he had
to admit, he didn't know what the hell she was talking about.  But
he nodded anyway.

Shamaness sensed his confusion and chuckled.  (She _always_ knew).
"Often, Pup," she continued, "we just need to have a clear head.
Sounds easy, but it's one of the hardest lessons to learn.
Because when a question confronts us, we break our heads thinking,
trying to reason it out.  And sometimes, we actually get the
solution that way.  But most times, all we really need to do is
just calm down, stop thinking, and get out of the way -- and then,
Pup, the solution will find _us_."

Pup nodded again, but his eyes were still blank.

She sighed and smiled.  "For example, let's say we have a Pack
Hunt."

The Pup's eyes lit up.  He loved the Hunts!

Shamaness noticed (of course).  She grinned briefly and continued.
"Suppose Leader calls a Hunt, but he doesn't really know _what_
we're hunting."

Pup frowned in consternation.  "Leader wouldn't know?!"

Shamaness smiled gently.  "Yes, it is possible.  Sometimes the End
is hidden, as I told you.  Now listen without interrupting for a
while!  We call that a 'seek' -- we're looking for something.  We
know it's out there -- but we don't know what it is.  It doesn't
matter _how_ Leader -- or any of us, even you, Pup! -- knows it.
We just _know_ it, and that's all that matters.  So we must 'seek'
it.

"Now on this kind of Hunt, one of us is hopefully better attuned
to the purpose than the others, and this one is the 'guide'.  The
rest of us move in all directions at different speeds -- but the
Guide determines the general direction and speed of the Pack as a
whole.  So far, so good?"

The Elf nodded.  She went on.  "Now, at some point during a Seek
Hunt, one of us -- maybe the Guide, but could be _any_ of us --
discovers something ... important.  It could be something big and
obvious, like the remains of a battlefield where the corpses are
still fresh.  Or it could be something seemingly trivial, like a
strange scent on the wind."

Shamaness shrugged.  "Or we may be out all day and all night and
find _nothing_.  It can happen.  In which case the Seek Hunt was
still important -- to show us that we must better attune ourselves
to the Earth Mother, so that next time we do _not_ miss what we
should have found."

Shamaness paused to see if it was sinking in.  She nodded slightly
and concluded.  "So when the Pack is _seeking_, Pup, and you come
across some thing, or some event, or anything out-of-the-ordinary,
no matter how simple it seems -- it could very well be the 'sign'
that leads us to understand the purpose of the Hunt.  Don't just
brush it off and continue!  That's a mistake that even we older
wolves are prone to make if we're not careful.  Stop what you are
doing.  Clear your head.  And let the reason find _you_!"

----------

And so the Wolf stood in the grass, relaxed his thoughts, and
stretched out with his feelings.

And then he heard it -- barely within the audio range of even his
super-sensitive lupus ears.  Perhaps carried on the breeze just
before it shifted to a direction where, in another moment, he
would have missed it completely, lupus-ears notwithstanding.

And he suddenly realized that this was the _second_ time he'd
heard it!  The _first_ time was just a minute ago, when his legs
had refused to move.  It had been so low and subtle that it had
registered only in his subconscious mind, which had then frozen
the muscles in his legs.  And now he'd heard it _twice_, this time
on a _conscious_ level.  The answer had found _him_.

_Here_!

The Wolf's single-word thought raced over the Pack's telepathy and
instantly reached the other five, who immediately dropped what
they were doing and hurried to his location.  Shamaness was
closest, so she arrived first, despite her homid form, and laid a
reassuring hand on Wolf's head.  She noticed that he was trembling
slightly -- a reaction of fear ... and something else.  Loathing.
But she did not bother him about it -- all would be clear when he
was ready to share.

It took another full minute for all six of them to join up at the
Wolf's location.  After the last one (Older Sister) arrived, the
Wolf gave them another word:

_Hark_!

And with that, they all became still as stone, withdrawing all
energy from their other senses and concentrating only on hearing.
For five long minutes there was nothing.

And then that barely audible sound came again, just within the
range of lupus ears.  And this time, Keeper and Younger Sister --
the other two in lupus -- heard it as well.  And they stiffened.
Shamaness felt the Wolf tremble again.

It was the call of a bird.

But no bird made that sound -- rather, some other creature was
calling _like_ it.

It sounded again, and Keeper growled softly.

It was the call of the Whippoorwill.

Leader, Shamaness, and Older Sister received the information via
telepathy.

Shamaness exhaled softly, and a single word fell from her lips...

"Dancers."

