                           The Shaman
                           ----------

There is a very special hill a short way to the west of the Garou
Cave of the Darkwind Sept.  It is a hill that anyone who ventures
through the thick forest can see, but for some reason known only
to the Powers That Be, only a Garou may actually find the way up.
A Garou who climbs this hill may discern a strange and yet
reassuring sight as he nears the summit -- a large rock formation
that, with a bit of imagination, resembles the form of a sleeping
wolf.

"Sleeping Wolf Rock," the Garou call it, and it is second only in
importance and sanctity to the Caern of the Sept itself.  It is
here that a Garou comes to converse with Lady Luna, choose
Auspice, and define his or her destiny.

Aside from that, the panoramic view atop Sleeping Wolf Rock is
arguably the best vista on the entire continent.  Here the land
and sky both open up before the eyes and soul of the one who sits
upon the rock.  The experience is even better at night, for each
of the stars in the sky seems to speak a word, and taken
together, these words form an invisible song that plays in the
head of the Garou whose spirit is tuned to hear it.

Sitting atop Sleeping Wolf Rock on this fine morning was a lone
homid figure -- stock still, eyes closed, heartbeat and breathing
dramatically slowed down -- just fast enough to keep the body
functional.  His back was perfectly straight and neither the
wind, the pre-dawn chill, nor the occasional flying insect
compelled him to even the slightest twitch.

The man had been that way, physically unchanged, for over five
hours.  Physically.  His spirit, however, roamed through the
Umbra, visiting and conversing with various spirits, or simply
enjoying the serenity.

Dawn.  The first light of the new day gently nudged the night
away.  The eyes behind the closed lids twitched a bit, that
barest movement signalling the spirit's return from the Umbra, 
across the Gauntlet, and back to the physical world.

But still the man remained motionless for another half hour,
heartbeat and breathing a bit quicker now, yes, but still less
than "normal", as he mentally wound down from his spiritual
journey.

Finally, the eyelids lifted.  At first, only the whites were
revealed, but then the irises came into view as the man rolled
them back down from their previously upward-looking position.
And now the entire face moved as the man took a deep breath --
his first in almost six hours.  And another deep breath.  And
soon he was breathing normally.

The man gingerly moved his head left and right, then rolled it
in a circle on his neck, stretching, restimulating the flow of
blood to his brain.  Dawn's light was increasing now, and
revealed his facial features to any who might have been standing
there:  leathery, tough skin, creased and worn; dark, too -- a
Souvraeli?  Probably.  Age?  He looked to be at least 40.  Could
be 50.  But perhaps the creased skin and deep-set eyes were less
from age and more from whatever cares the man carried.

And now the man moved his arms, stretching them out to either
side.  And then he carefully got to his feet, giving the muscles
time to adjust to the change of position, stretching and twisting
this way and that, the old body coming to life again -- and
radiating a power that defied the appearance of age.

Stretching finished, the man stood atop the rock, hands on hips,
and looked out over the wide landscape.  He sighed happily as the
corners of his mouth turned up in a smile.

I so love this time of day, he thought, enjoying the profound
sense of peace and serenity.  If ever I should leave this
continent, this I shall miss above all.  The Dawn is never so
beautiful nor dearer to me than right here, on this spot,
Sleeping Wolf beneath me and Sister Luna above me.

The man's smile grew a little wider and he closed his eyes.
Just a bit longer, he thought.  Just a few more moments before I
go down the hill, back to the Caern, and begin the day's duties.
Just a bit more time to bathe in the bliss of this moment, this
perfect moment, this--

The man suddenly and sharply frowned.  His eyes snapped open,
alarm written in them.  Something...  And then it hit him -- not
physically, but on the intuitional level.  The psychic blast
knocked him clean off his feet and he landed on his back.  The
very rock beneath him shuddered for an instant.

The man rolled onto his left side, propping himself up with his
elbow, panting hard, eyes wide, darting around at nothing at all.
He gulped in some air, choked on it for a moment, got to his
feet.  He removed his deerskin cap, ran a hand through his close-
cropped, half-silver hair.  He shivered from the cold sweat that
had suddenly formed over his entire body.  He put the cap back on
and sped down the hill as quickly as he could.

And as he started down the hill, the Shaman -- for that is what
this man is, as the astute reader may have already guessed --
reached out with his mind to find his companions...

_Pack_!

Two full seconds passed -- must have been asleep, he reckoned.

_Here_.

_Here_.

_Moon_Gate_in_20_seconds_!__Need_my_bag_!

That would leave no time for anything except the absolute
essentials -- clothing, weapons and armor -- "weapons and armor"
just for Leader, who fought in crinos -- and the Shaman's "bag",
which Keeper, who fought in lupus and therefore didn't need to
worry about gear, would grab.

Exactly 16 seconds later, the Shaman reached the bottom of the
hill, took one second to calm himself, and one more second to
focus his energies to the Incarnae of Phoebe.  Two seconds after
that, the link was formed, the bridge appeared, and a brilliant
arch of moonlight formed in the air and expanded beyond sight.

And sliding down the bridge of moonlight were two figures -- the
Shaman's Pack Leader and Keeper.  This pack had only three
members.

The Shaman placed his right hand over his heart and bowed his
head slightly.  "Ranolf.  Tamika.  Thank you for coming."

The two bowed back.  "Uziah," they said in unison.  Tamika the
Keeper handed Uziah the Shaman his bag.

"What goes, Shaman?" inquired Ranolf the Leader.

The Shaman sighed and looked into the distance at nothing.  "I
know not exactly, Leader.  But it is not good.  And it comes
swiftly this way."

The Shaman's eyes narrowed for a moment and he added, "The Wyrm
has been about this night."

The eyes of the other two Garou widened slightly.  The three
waited, steeling themselves for whatever was coming.

