                              In Town
                              -------

The Elf entered the town via the west gate and mingled with
humanity.  Ladies Rare Undergarments aside, it was good to go to
town and mix in with the human race for a while!  So much to see,
hear and smell -- especially smell.  This heightened sense told
him more about the city and its inhabitants in a minute than he
had previously been able to perceive in an entire day when he was
"just the Elf."  It had taken him some time to get used to it,
mind you.  The first time he'd ventured into town after his
"change", he'd been completely unprepared for the magnitude of
the olfactory barrage.  Suddenly, his nose took in scents that it
had never taken in before, and those that were already familiar to
him were dramatically magnified.  The weight of it had so
overwhelmed his mind that he panicked, running away from the city
and its inhabitants as fast as he could.

But with time, he had learned to mentally filter the countless
bits of scent information, concentrating on the ones he needed or
wanted while suppressing those he didn't.  Now he allowed the
scents to wash over him and he took in the knowledge of each...

The elderly man over there has an advanced disease and will
probably pass away in a few months.  The Elf wondered if the man
was aware of it.  The child leaning against the wall on the other
side of the road has just finished a meal of bread that was
starting to go stale and a slab of meat that should have been on
the grill a bit longer -- oh dear ... he's going to barf it up in
a few minutes.  A young woman passed by him with a single glance
but no change of expression, and yet the sudden increase in her
pheromone output revealed that she found him attractive; another
sniff told him that sex now would produce a child, and he absently
wondered if that child would be a garou should he ... with a
little chuckle to himself, he shook it off.

And then he smelled something that immediately put him on edge.
He stopped dead and inhaled more deeply through his nose.  He knew
it wasn't the first time he'd smelled it, but it had been a while
-- about a year or a year-and-a-half?  He sttood there -- and
remembered...

----------

"The Lord Landholder of this region--" Leader jabbed the
appropriate place on the map as the Elf looked on "--has been
oppressing his charges a bit more than is healthy lately.  I fear
that the Wyrm's power is growing there.  Go there and assess the
situation.  If practical, I want you to ... send him a message."
The Elf gave Leader a questioning look.  Leader smiled a bit.
"What I mean, Pup, is this -- don't do anything 'radical' like
slaying the whole keep and mounting their heads on pikes.  I don't
believe the situation is that far down yet.  For right now, we
give him something to ... 'think about.'"

The Elf still frowned.  Leader thought for a minute.  "Ah, I know
just the thing!  This lord is rumoured to have a very handsome
horse.  Finest stallion in the region, says the rumor mill."
Leader smiled knowingly at the Elf.  "Would be a shame if anything
happened to that prize stallion, wouldn't it, Pup?"

The Elf nodded, the corner of his mouth turning up slightly.

Leader nodded back and clapped the Elf on the shoulder.  "Good
hunting, Pup!  May Luna guide you."

And so the Wolf had broken into the lord's stable, killed the
prize stallion, and was just starting to feast on the really fine
meat when no less than 10 of the lord's guards burst in.  And the
Wolf realized that his approach must not have been as careful as
he'd imagined it.  Stupid of him.

In the battle that followed, the Wolf took down four of the
guards, but sustained an arrow in the side and two wicked sword
hits.  The wounds sapped his strength so much that he was quite
unable to deal with the remaining six guards and live through it.
So the Wolf fled, trailing blood.

He had buried his gear in a wooded area near a natural waterfall,
and he made for it now.  He was sure he could lose the guards if
he could just make it there.  But it was hopeless -- he was too
weak, and still getting weaker from loss of blood.  Then the Wolf
remembered the little farmhouse he'd noticed on the way to the
lord's mansion and he made a detour.  He burst into the animal pen
and quickly despatched three chickens, a pig and a cow -- all that
was there.  As quickly as possible, he tore open their bellies and
took the heart and liver from each, greedily gulping down the meat
as if he'd never eaten before.  He could feel some strength
returning now.  Wait!  Someone coming.  He smelled a human female.
She must have heard the commotion.  The soldiers were coming too.
She would give him away.  The Wolf took flight again, leaving most
of the meat behind, hoping he'd gotten enough to get out of this
Bad Situation.  He was still losing blood, but he could run faster
now.  He would make it, he was sure.

A bit later, the Elf stood under the waterfall, letting it wash
over him.  Then he pulled out the arrow, gasping with the effort.
He tossed it aside and concentrated inward, calling upon the
Earthmother's blessing to heal him.  She answered, and he felt his
wounds closing.  He left the pool and found the spot where he'd
buried his gear.  He dug it up and dressed.

He was about to leave when he smelled the girl again.  She was
close -- _too_ close.

He cursed himself inwardly for being so careless again.  Normally,
even in Elf form, he should have had more warning of her approach.
But he'd concentrated so hard on flight and healing that he'd
neglected his environment.  His ear twitched -- the subtle rubbing
of an arrow nock against a bowstring!  Easy, now, keep calm!  She
was frightened -- he could smell it.  OK, use that to your
advantage.

The Elf turned to the bush behind which she must be hiding and
smiled.  Then he bent down to write her a message on the ground:
"Please forgive me about your livestock, but the Wolf's need was
very great."  And then he took his pouch full of gold coins and
set it on the ground for her -- a "tidy sum" for the Elf, but to
this girl and her family, it would mean a "new life."  Her animals
had saved him -- he owed her that much.

And then he left, praying to Gaea that he had guessed right, that
the girl would be too overcome by curiosity to launch an arrow
into his back.

And for once that day, things _did_ work out in his favor.

----------

That episode came back to him in a flash as he caught the scent --
the very same scent of the girl that day at the farmhouse and
later at the waterfall.  The Elf looked around.  He saw only the
crowd.  He'd never actually _seen_ her before, and now, for some
reason, he _wanted_ to.  Despite his keen sense of smell, it was
just not possible to pick her out among all the people hustling
and bustling along the street.  No, too many of them.  Damn!  And
he didn't have time for this -- he had errands to run before the
sun went down.  Have to move along.  Try again another day.

So the Elf reluctantly gave up the search and turned his attention
back to his duties.

And as the Elf turned and went his way, a young girl appeared at a
doorway, anxiously looking left and right.  She could swear that
the elf she'd glimpsed through the window was the very same elf
she'd seen about a year-and-a-half ago -- an elf she had found at
the end of a _wolf's_ trail.  But by the time she realized what
she was seeing and run out of the building to get a better look,
it was too late -- the elf was gone.

She sighed.  Someone called her name.  Oops.  In her excitement,
she'd quite forgotten what she was doing and now she'd better get
back to doing it lest the training master be displeased.  She
turned around and went back into the building.

According to the sign above the door, this building belonged to
the  "Fighters' Guild."

