                           The Witch
                           ---------

The Elf pushed thoughts of the girl out of his mind and
concentrated on the reason for coming to town in the first place
-- pack business.  He'd mentally broken his  trip down into two
categories -- the "OK" part, and the "not-OK" part.  For now, he
concentrated on the former.

He left the marketplace with his pack full of provisions and went
to see Taylor to pick up his older sister's weapon.  The Elf was
mighty curious about it.  His sister was always bringing back the
most exotic gear imaginable after defeating Gaea-knows-what Gaea-
knows-where.  He had no idea where or how she brought the stuff
in, but she sure did bring it in -- in boatloads!  So it was with
some anticipation that the Elf told Taylor what it was he was 
there for.  But the thing Taylor handed him was wrapped up in
several layers of thick cloth -- all he could tell was that it
was some sort of polearm, about two and half meters in length,
with even thicker padding on one end.  Some kind of spear,
perhaps.  "Good as new for your sister," said Taylor, as he
handed it over.  "Tell her I'm sorry the restoration took a bit
longer than usual, but can't help that with these exotic, imported
weapons, you know!"

The next stop was Moon's, to hand over Shamaness' broken necklace.
After that, the Post Office, where there indeed was a letter for
Leader and, judging by the strange characters on the return
address, which the Elf could not read, it certainly did look like
it came from over the sea.

And that concluded the "OK" part.  The Elf sighed and closed his
eyes.  All right, then, he thought.  Let's get on with it.  And
so he made his way toward the docks, where the Witch lived.

It was easy to call this witch "_The_ Witch", because she was the
_only_ one that the City allowed to practice more-or-less openly. 
What it was exactly that she "practiced", the Elf wasn't sure.
But whatever it was, it was so important to the more prominent
members of the community that their influence prevailed upon the
Mayor to turn a blind eye to her activities and allow her a known
residence.

The Elf stood before her door and hesitated.  For all her
influence with the land's prominent ones, her dwelling place was,
at least from the outside, nothing special.  The Elf wondered why
she didn't have a better one if she were so important.  And above
all, he wondered how in all the world she would help him with ...
exotic ladies undergarments, for the Love of Gaea!

That thought made him simmer.  He bit down on a curse for his
younger sister for putting him through this.  Why during _his_
turn?  Why couldn't _she_ do this?  He raised his hand to knock on
the door and suddenly realized how nervous he was.  Come on! he
thought.  Pull yourself together!  A moment's courage and it is
done.

And as his knuckles were about to strike the wood, the door
creaked open...

The face that peered out was deeply and completely wrinkled.  With
warts.  It was the Witch, of course, that was obvious to the Elf,
even though he'd never seen her before.  She looked to be about
90.  Maybe more.  But ... how strange, he thought, taking a
slightly stronger sniff.  Her scent does _not_ indicate advanced
age -- more like 30, or even younger.  And yet his eyes beheld an
old hag.  And now she opened the door a bit wider, and he could
see that she stood hunched over, as if her back were bent from
some disease or merely age.  She wore a simple black skirt and a
matching black blouse.  Her silver hair was tied up in a bun.

She was sizing him up, her eyes alert and intense despite the rest
of her physical appearance.  The Elf bore her scrutiny and waited.

"Well," she said finally, in a voice barely above a whisper.
"You'd better come in."  She opened the door completely, turned,
and went back into the room.  The Elf followed.  The strong smell
of incense struck him and he coughed.  With his sensitive nose, he
should have noted it outside, but he must have concentrated so
much on the Witch that it hadn't registered.  He quickly composed
himself.

"Lie down there," she said, gesturing with a hand toward a
somewhat crude, but very sturdy-looking bench.  On top of it was a
lumpy cloth pad, stuffed with straw by the look of it.  The Elf
swallowed, again wondering what kind of "service" it was that the
Witch provided.

"I, uh--," he began.

The Witch turned slowly and regarded him with those eyes.  Again
the Elf was struck by the two things he'd noted outside:  first,
how old she _looked_, and second, how young she _smelled_.  It
confused him mightily.

The Witch frowned and tilted her head a bit, as if something here
was Not Quite Right.  "Young Elf," she said, in a voice that was a
few decibels louder than her previous whisper.  "If you're wasting
my time..."  Her eyes took on a dangerous glint.

The Elf tried to speak but his throat had gone tight.

"Why ... are ... you ... here?"  She waved her hand in the air
once.

Suddenly, the Elf felt his throat loosen, but his voice was a mere
squeak as it said, "Under ... wear."

The Witch blinked.  "What?!" she snapped with a scowl.

Right then, the Elf would have sold his soul to be anywhere else
in the physical or spiritual worlds than where he was right now.
If the Wyrm had, at that very moment, risen from Malfeas in
physical form and offered the Elf a way out of there in exchange
for his promise to join the Black Spiral Dancers, he would have
gladly accepted.

But not even the Wyrm was there to help.  Panic took him.  What in
the name of Gaea was he _doing_ here?  It was all just too silly
and shameful!  OK, his young sister wanted underwear, but why did
he come looking for such a thing _here_?  Why?!

Keeper.

Suddenly, he remembered what it was he had to do for Keeper.  His
hand went inside his tunic and pulled out the scroll.  He held it
between himself and the Witch, as one might hold a crucifix before
a vampire.

The Witch's eyes suddenly widened.  "I know that seal!" she
whispered.  Her mouth fell open and her hand went to her heart.
The hard look in her eyes was gone -- in its place was something
like wonder, joy, anticipation.  But the strangest thing was her
face -- her wrinkles were fading and the warts receding.  She no
longer looked 90.  Now she looked ... 70.  60.  50.

Suddenly, with a movement so fast that the Elf couldn't follow it,
she snatched the scroll out of his hand and stared at the seal
intently.  Now she looked about 40.  Her eyes hardened again.
With another lightning move that the Elf again failed to see
coming, she swung out and struck his cheek >>>CRACK!<<< with her
open hand.  Hard.

And shouted, "YOU GIVE THAT BASTARD _THAT_ WHEN YOU SEE HIM!"  And
she whirled away from him, strode to her worktable, and flung the
unopened scroll upon it.  She stood with her back to him,
breathing hard, hands grasping her head.  Her hair had grown
fuller and lost much of its greyness -- it was now almost
completely black.  In fact, it had grown so full that the pins
holding it up gave way, and the mass of it cascaded down around
her head, bounced off her shoulders, and flowed down her back to
meet a shapely derriere.

She whirled about suddenly and faced the Elf, who at this point
didn't believe he could handle any _more_ strangeness, but was
compelled to do exactly that -- for the woman who stood before
him now looked no more than 25.  The thick, indigo waves also
cascaded down her front, and the fabric of her blouse was
stretched tautly over a formidable bosom.  The breasts were
desperately trying to break free while the blouse was desperately
trying to hang onto them.  And that face ...!  She was absolutely
the most alluring, ravishing, desirable creature he had ever
beheld.

And she was thoroughly pissed off.

The Witch came closer and stared up at him with those exquisite
eyes that were so full of anger he feared he might catch fire just
from her glance.  The luscious mouth opened.  "He sent you here,
did he?"

The wide-eyed Elf nodded.

"To deliver that, yes?"  Without taking her eyes off him, she
pointed to the still-unopened scroll on her work desk.

Again the Elf nodded.

"You give _him_ what I gave _you_," she said through clenched
teeth.  "You understand?"

A nod.

"And you give him _this_!"  And she cracked him again on the other
cheek.  Hard.  Again, that uncanny speed which evaded even elf
eyes.  Then she punched him in the solar plexus.  It was such a
perfectly-targeted strike that the Elf could no longer keep his
composure.  He doubled over and fell to the floor, struggling for
oxygen.  It amazed him that, despite his agony, two thoughts
jumped into his head.  The first was how awfully undignified this
all was.  The second was:  what in the name of all that is Holy
and Right in the World did Keeper do to this woman?!

"OH, SO YOU WANT TO KNOW WHAT THAT SHIT-FOR-BRAINS PACK KEEPER OF
YOURS DID TO ME, DO YOU?" she screamed.

Oh, Gaea help me, she reads minds, too, he thought, as he lay on
the floor coughing.

"Oh-Gaea-help-me-she-reads-minds-too!" she mimicked.  "I'M A
WITCH, YOU IDIOT!"  And she made like she would kick him as he
lay.  He cringed like a child, but this time the blow did not
come.

"Well, I'll tell you!"  And she did.  As he lay on the floor in
the fetal position, still trying to recover, she told him exactly
what Keeper had done, why it was so stupid, and why he should
never do it again.  And she made him swear to pass it on to him
(in addition to the "physical messages", of course).  Made him
repeat it back to her a few times to make sure he understood and
would deliver it properly.  But he wasn't good enough, so she bent
down and jabbed her finger into his forehead, looked in his eyes
and commanded, “Remember!"  The Elf felt something flow into his
head and promised, "I will!"

She stood up.  After a minute, she sighed contentedly.  The Elf
dared to look up.  Her face was a picture of happiness -- quite a
change after all that had just happened.  And how radiant she now
looked!  Why, she was twice as beautiful as before, if that were
possible!

"Ahhhhhhhh," she sighed again, that wonderful smile growing wider.
"How much _better_ I feel now!  Ah, _wonderful_!"

She looked down and met the Elf's gaze, a frown now appearing in
spite of the smile.  And then recognition and concern.  "Oh my
goodness!  Poor little Elf!  Why, you're _hurt_!"

She waved her hand at him -- and he suddenly felt better!  She
then took his hand and helped him to his feet, dusting him off,
straightening his hair, crooning over him and repeatedly asking if
he was all right.

"Now, then, my good Elf," she spoke -- totally the voice of reason
and civility -- "Tell me what I can do for you, please."

The Elf hesitated for a second, and then dared to say the word a
second time.  "Underwear...?"

"Lady's or men's?" she asked in a crisp, business-like tone.

Her sudden changes of mood were really starting to rattle him, but
he went with it.  "Lady's," he replied.

"What does the lady look like?"

"Well, she --" he started, and then stopped, because as soon as
the image of his pack sister formed in his mind, the Witch began
to change.  Her indigo locks lightened to red-brown, the shoulders
widened slightly, the curve of the hips decreased just a bit, and
she grew a few centimeters.  And the face!  In a few moments, it
was no longer the face of the Witch, but the face of his pack
sister.

"Am I on?" she asked.

The Elf just stood there with his mouth open.

The Witch/Pack-Sister nodded with satisfaction.  "Good.  Now
describe the undergarments the lady requires."

"Uhm, well it's a --" and again he stopped, because as soon as the
image of his pack sister in her brassiere and thong had formed in
his mind, the Witch twirled completely around, facing him again.
And there was a copy of his Pack Sister -- in only her underwear
... sexy as ever.  Not quite as sexy as the Witch, however.

"Why, thank you!" she exclaimed, and beamed at him.  The Elf
blushed.

"But how about a change of color this time?  Perhaps cyan?"
Brassiere and thong changed color even as she said it.  "It's
cooler.  Might be a good change of mood for your Pack Sister, eh?"
she smirked.  Yes, that's for sure! he thought.  And what a nice
contrast with the red-brown hair!

"I think so, too!" she said.  She twirled again, and when she
faced him, she was no longer his Pack Sister -- she was again the
Beautiful Witch, wearing her own clothing, and holding a small
leather bag out to him.

The Elf accepted the bag, bowing his head.  "Thank you, my lady,"
he said.  "Please tell me what I owe you."

She chuckled.  It sounded like delicate chimes.  "No charge, Elf.
You've paid enough already, you poor dear.  You just be sure to
deliver my -- messages -- to that poor excuse of a wolf that you
call 'Pack Keeper'," she said with a snarl, but then smiled again.

The Elf gulped, but replied, "You have my word, my lady."

She nodded.  "A pleasure doing business with you, Elf!  Do come
again!"

The Elf bowed again and prepared to go.  "Oh, wait a bit," she
said.  She moved to her workbench.  The scroll still lay there.
She took it, stared at it for a moment, then broke the seal,
unrolled it and read.

The Elf waited, feeling like he was intruding on something, but
she had so commanded.  He watched her eyes fly back and forth over
what she was reading.  She began to smile.  She fluttered her
eyes.  She giggled.  She read some more, raptly focused.  Her
breathing picked up, breasts rising and falling as she read.  A
hand fluttered to heart.  Her smile widened.  She finished, threw
her head back, closed her eyes, pressed the parchment to her
chest, and twisted slightly from side to side.

She brought her head forward and opened her eyes.  "Elf, there is
one more message I want you to deliver to your Pack Keeper," she
said as she came forward.

The Elf's eyes widened and he swallowed.  Hard.

