Chapter 3: The ancient prince.

One day word reached Baile Gloir that a demon dressed in black garbs
walked the lands. Everywhere he went he infected innocents with 
tinneas beò bàs, "disease of the living dead".

This disease was in the past spread by the ancient race to create
slaves out of other races. The infected were called beathaich fuil,
"blood feeders" nowadays referred to as vampires.

The beathaich fuil were inferior creatures when compared to their
full blood brethren, the ancients. Still their power was superior
to that of almost any other race.

The only creatures that are to some extent naturally able to resist 
tinneas beò bàs are the Faeries, while the infection does cause
them to turn deeply evil they remain in control of their own free will.

One of the faery colonies near Baile Gloir was infected and its
inhabitants became an evil breed of faeries known as the Sidhe.
This faery sub race will be discussed in chapter 4: The Sidhe.

The elves of Baile Gloir erected city walls and prepared for a great 
battle. By now it was clear the demon had amassed a great army, capable
of destroying almost any foe.

It is at this time that a female elven paladin heroine named Enelya 
Ar-Feiniel went on a holy crusade to beseech Ban-righinn dùrachd for 
a blessing to protect her people.

After a long and successful journey she returned to her home just in 
time, the sounds of battle were eminently clear in the forest around 
her as she sped her way to Baile Gloir.

Hundreds of dead were scattered about the streets as numerous beathaich 
fuil were feeding on the corpses of men, women and children. Several 
other elves were still in battle, fighting for their lives.

From Enelya's body a white aura extended, touching every still living 
elf. A holy and divine power channelled strength into each one of them, 
enabling the elves to drive their opponents off.

Most of the surviving elves now fled to Wayfare castle, looking for a 
safe place to hide. Enelya and several other champions stayed behind to 
cover their retreat. From this point on no one truly knows what happened.

It is believed Enelya and the other heroes sacrificed themselves by 
erecting a mystical field around the town, trapping themselves, the demon 
now known as the "ancient prince" and his beathaich fuil in Baile Gloir.

Baile Gloir, while once representing the glory of the elves now was a town 
of the undead. As such its name was changed to Baile Greim-bàis, "town in 
a death grip".

The elves started a new town near Wayfare castle and dubbed it Wayfare 
city. The castle is still owned by the duine, but no longer serves its 
original purpose - it is now a home to the duine ambassador.
