Entry 1:

Today I am setting out with the largest hunting party that I have ever
been in. There are a total of 12 of us leaving the village. The queen has
said that there is heightened barbarian activity, so we have to travel in
larger groups now. No one is very optimistic about finding any good game with
us travelling with so many people (some that aren't very good at the hunt if
you ask me). I wanted to chronicle the journey so that the child that my
companion is carrying might learn of the past through it some day.


Entry 2:

We have been in the brush for about three days and have had small success
in finding game large enough to be worth tracking. Yesterday, something weird
happened though. The forest became very quiet, so much that Varie, the leader
of our hunting party, decided that we should stop for the entire day so that
we might outwait the bad omens that she is sensing. Most are nervous and
would rather be on the move then to wait and see what happens, but Varie is
experienced in these matters so I will trust her in this judgement.


Entry 3:

After a day of waiting, we finally started moving again, but in a different
direction this time. Valie said that she sensed danger was about and wanted
to head south to the bluffs so that we could get a better look at what else
was out there in the jungle. We fanned out through the jungle floor and moved
slowly and silently southward towards the bluffs. At the end of the day we
finally made it to the bluffs and discovered that Varie's insincts were right.
About a half a day's journey to the east of where we had been were fires that
we could only assume were from a barbarian camp. It was decided among all of
us that we would find out what information we could about them and eliminate
them if possible. We all hate the barbarians, though most have never seen one
alive.


Entry 4:

After some travel we are very close to the barbarians. We are sure now that
it is them because as we come closer we can better hear the ongoing pounding
of their ceremonial drums. Varie has decided that we will get as close as
possible to determine the size of the party that has set foot in our jungle.
Our party is ready now, after several days of nervousness we feel that we
are ready for conflict, if it comes to that.


Entry 5:

We saw the barbarians today and engaged them. After some slow moving trying
to keep from being detected we came upon their line. There were about twenty
of them trodding through the forest not even caring about the huge amount of
noise that they were making. After trailing them for about an hour and a half
Varie passed the word around to our party, we were going to attack them. We
spread out in groups of two and partially surrounded the men. Kai and I were
partnered together and that was comforting because we both were confident in
each other's abilities. A call came from the other side of the barbarians and
she and I let arrows fly into our enemies.

Within a few short seconds a handful of the barbarians were felled. Kai and I
took aim again and fell two more as we heard the sounds of hand to hand
combat taking place to the left. We rushed in that direction to help embattled
friends. We were two late though, by the time we could see them three
barbarians crushed the last person in that group to the ground Kai drew her
daggers and prepared herself to avenge our fallen friends. I, however let
loose an arrow into the three. My aim was true and one fell to the ground. The
barbarians began to rush us, and I knew that if they reached us we would have
no chance under their phyiscal mass. Kai let out a scream and started running
at them. I let another arrow loose, knowing that taking at least one of them
out was her only chance at survival. This time my luck did not hold out as I
hit him in the leg and he pressed on to destroy us. Kai and the barbarians
clashed and she slit the throat of the man that I had already wounded. The
other barbarian swung his club and hit her in the ribs and she crumpled to
the ground. I shot again praying that I would be in time to save her from
death and I caught him in the eye. Such aim I have never before had in my
life, and I think that it was the mother herself that guided my hand there.

I rushed to Kai's side and found that she was still breathing, though badly
injured. All of the ribs on the left side of her body had been broken and her
breathing was very ragged. I heard a cheer go up from the forest and knew
that the day had been won.

Two women, including Kai, had to be laid on stretchers to make the journey
back to our village and three were dead. I consider myself to be lucky to
have been part of such a glorious battle. Before we headed back, we searched
out enemies belongings and found several untouched corpses of game that we
took back with us. These would be more than enough to feed our village for a
week. While I was searching the enemies corpses I happened upon a curious
finding. A large black soulstone, larger than any I have ever seen. I kept it
a secret from my amazon sisters and told only Kai, whose stretcher I hid it
on for the duration of our trip. I didn't know what I would do with it, but I
was sure that I could find some value for it.


Entry 6:

We entered the village and received a heroine's welcome. Apparently word had
travelled ahead of us as to what had happened. When we entered, Kai told me
of a friend of hers that would hide the stone for me in her hut without asking
any questions. That afternoon I went and talked to her and she gave me an old
key to a door and said that it was the only key so not even her herself would
have access to it. I do not want to keep the key myself, because I fear that
it will raise suspicions as to what it fits. I need to find some way to hide
it and keep it secure at the same time.


Entry 7:

The Queen announced today that there would be a festival in honor of our
hunting party's success in battle. There is even some rumor that some of us
will be promoted to amazon warriors. I do hope there is some truth in that
rumor as it is a great honor to be bestowed. Preparations are going on all
over town to get ready for the festival. Even the children are helping. I have
had our priestess in my confidence for some time now and I asked her if she
would keep the key for me. She told me that she has a storeroom that she keep
an eye on but that she would also give me another key so that I might have
access to the room should she not be there. Now I have the dilemma of finding
a place to hide that key.


Entry 8:

Since I mentioned her in my last entry I thought I would write a little about
the priestess that our village has. I only know a little bit about her, but
this story is one that actually did happen when I was younger. Not many people
remember it, but I do so I want to put it on paper so it might get passed
down.

About ten years ago the male slaves were not treated as well as they are
today. They had to eat the leftovers of the table scraps and they were worked
to the bone and supposedly they had made contact somehow with a necromancer
that had been working with the barbarians. They had even transported him into
village, but he was detected by the priestess.

Sometime late that night she snuck into the slaves quarters and confronted the
necromancer. The loud noises of spells in battle came from the quarters that
night and everyone in the village was woken up. I was a fearless stupid child
at the time so I went to peer through the wall there. The priestess seemed
twice her normal size and I will never forget that necromancer. His eyes were
completely white and this weird black aura surrounded him. He stuck his finger
out at the priestess and muttered some arcane words and the black energy shot
out and engulfed the priestess. I was certain that we were all done for until
she fought back. She uttered a prayer and appeared to feel better. She pointed
her staff at the necromancer and a radial of fire shot at him. This
confrontation went back and forth for the better part of an hour until she
stood over the charred remains of him. She didn't say a word, she walked back
to the royal hut, but I could tell that she was hurt. I think she knew that I
was there and that is why our relationship stands as it is today. With that in
mind I hid the key in the area of the slaves quarters. No one goes there and
the slaves are not smart enough to find it, after all they are only men. After
that confrontation the queen changed our treatment of the slaves. They were
fed well and not overworked and they actually are very loyal to us now.
