|RK0Vulnerabilities|WX0

Vampires and weapons
Wooden stakes have long been a weapon of choice for the vampire hunter, but 
it is no accident that hand-wielded, fresh cut unvarnished pine is much more 
likely to prove fatal than hardwood or crossbow-fired polished wooden darts. 
This is because it is not the wood itself that causes the reaction, but the 
enzymes that are found in the resin of many varieties of wood. Indeed, a 
fragrant pine forest can lead to an asthma-like condition that may be fatal 
to the vampire.

Efficient vasoconstriction, coupled with powerful regenerative powers have 
given the vampire the reputation of being unstoppable by blade or arrow - 
most experienced hunters will not relax until the vampire has been burned or 
beheaded; injuries that would lead to almost instant death in a human being 
are a minor inconvenience to a healthy vampire.

|RK0Vampires and Sunlight:|WX0
Sunlight has long been known to be the most effective method of destroying 
vampires.

While the use of magnesium has granted vampires great advantages, it also 
brings vulnerabilities. In certain circumstances, magnesium can be an 
explosive element; this means that no vampire will risk direct sunlight 
for fear of spontaneous combustion. 

Recent forensic evidence suggests that vampire perspiration contains 
magnesium-based substances which are liable to combustion in certain 
conditions, including high air temperature (greater than 42oC) and 
specific light wavelengths 560-580nm; when illumination is above 5cd/m2. 
In effect, this means direct sunlight around dawn and dusk or a 'bright' 
day, even with substantial cloud cover.

Magical light sources can be used, but the correct frequency is vital, 
and the required brightness would be difficult to achieve other than in a 
fairly small enclosed space. Hunting by night, even with a bunch of 
light sources, would be doomed to failure, and might prove foolhardy.

Sunlight has been used effectively since long before formal records have 
been kept, and has been shown to be the simplest, surest and safest 
method of vampire destruction.

The risk lies in the methods used to force the vampire into daylight; 
attacking a vampire at rest during the day is a challenge that has 
attracted many novel approaches; a courageous woman, prepared to 
risk her life in distracting the vampire until daybreak features in 
many urban legends.

|RK0Vampires and crucifixes|WK0
A wooden crucifix could cause serious superficial burns, and, given enough 
time, could prove fatal. But this is a chemical effect, not a religious 
one. Many vampires are of devout Mitran descent, and a crucifix could 
well trigger severe guilt feelings; in some cases, self-loathing. 
But not fatality.

|RK0Vampires and water|WX0
A vampire really is an incendiary device waiting to be detonated 
(check the theory), and water, even steam, presents a real risk to 
the vampire.
