|RK0Vampire Psychology|WX0

Vampires are individual beings; they live alone or in small groups; they 
are forever hunted by the people from which they arose - including people 
they might have known personally. They have needs which must be satisfied; 
they have a body which behaves very differently from their previous life. 
They also have an understanding that they are different.

It is not surprising that vampires often show signs of deep psychosis, 
experience mood swings and gross personality changes. It is for the hunter 
to understand these rival pressures and find consequent weaknesses that can 
be exposed.

|RK0Being Different:|WXO
From the moment of induction, the protégé knows that they are special. They 
will be told - if they did not already know - they have been selected for a 
new life, while others have been ignored, farmed, or simply exsanguinated. 
This will lead to an initial confusion; 'What have I lost, what will I gain? 
Is this immortality? Why have I feared these creatures that are just like me? 
What about my friends, my family?"

A newly-created vampire is at its most vulnerable; it has little idea of how 
to survive, and is torn between escape and clinging to the familiar. It may 
panic; some disintegrate psychologically at this time. But the vampire who 
performed the induction will be close, and will have planned carefully to 
protect its protege.

The protégé will be taught not only to survive and thrive, but to believe 
that it is a superior being, it is special, it is a chosen one.

|RK0Religion:|WX0
New beliefs will clash with deeply ingrained expectations and religious beliefs. 
In most cases, the pre-vampire person was brought up in a close Mitra'n world ; 
the vampire still possesses all that knowledge, and, subconsciously, all those 
beliefs. It will also be aware that vampires are feared as evil incarnate. 
These contradictions must be suppressed for the vampire to survive, and 
fully mature vampires will be emotionally cold, arrogant beings who will 
show little interest in their previous existence or current events in the 
world of men and women. 

At times of stress subconscious thoughts will be close to the surface, so 
it is not surprising that crucifixes and religious incantations can offer 
some protection to humans under attack - the vampire will hesitate, and 
may even flee. Marks made on the vampire's skin by a crucifix are not 
due to any religious effect, however, but the more mundane chemical effect 
of wood or silver on vampire metabolism.
