|RK0Vampire Pathology|WX0

A vampire starts life as a human being; any age, size, race; there is no known 
immunity.

|RK0Infection:|WX0
A vampire bite can cause death by anaphylactic reaction; repeated bites can 
cause death from haemorrhagic shock, occasionally from sub-acute anaemia. A
small minority of bites can lead to a metamorphosis from 'normal human being' 
to vampire; vampirification. One study suggests fewer than 1% of attacks lead 
to vampirification.

There is no record - or rumour - of vampire reproduction in any other way, 
supporting theories of a parasitic factor; vampirification as a means of 
increasing the vampire population.

The favoured age of victims is early twenties; almost equal numbers of male 
and female victims, with a marked predominance of healthy, educated and 
intelligent people. Indeed, one mark of a threatened and declining vampire 
group may be a deviation from this careful preselection of victims.

|RK0Vampirification:|WX0
The process of vampirification may follow a deliberate act on the part of a 
vampire; occasionally it may be a chance infection. It is argued that any 
partaking of blood by a vampire might result in vampirification, but there 
are problems with this thesis. 

Vampires have been shown to take blood from cattle, horse and sheep 
(among others), with no record of these creatures being affected, beyond 
blood loss. This may be a species immunity result, or may be evidence that 
accidental vampirification simply does not occur.

The process of vampirification is still poorly understood; it may be a 
natural result of a viral infection, a sophisticated drug-induced process - 
or, most likely, a parasitic infection. The problem has always been a lack 
of hard pathological evidence; no vampire has yet co-operated with researchers, 
and no viable specimens have been obtained from captured vampires, as they 
always chose self-destruction before co-operation.

The consensus in the vampire hunting community is that the process bears 
comparison with the metamorphosis of a caterpillar into an adult butterfly. 
The process of metamorphosis involves three distinct developmental stages: 
human, pupa and vampire. In temperate zones, the pupal stage is thought to 
take 3 to 4 days, much longer in colder climates. Views differ on the effects 
of higher temperatures; vampires are rare in hot climates, and this may be 
because the process cannot occur above a certain temperature.

|RK0Anatomy:|WX0
Though some people suggest vampires change from a human visage to a demonic 
appearance as they attack, few accounts support this contention. There is no 
obvious change in appearance after vampirification, except for a marked 
pallor, and an almost universal appearance of significantly below average 
weight.

Such minor changes, however, conceal significant changes under the skin.

A wealth of circumstantial evidence suggests that the pupal stage involves 
major changes to heart, circulation and renal systems, with consequent 
alterations to other systems to accommodate a very altered lifestyle.

Human haemoglobin uses iron as its core; the vampire equivalent uses 
magnesium. This allows the vampire to dispense with an artificially 
maintained body temperature; it creates a highly efficient cardiac muscle 
allied to more flexible blood vessels and it virtually eliminates the risk 
of thrombosis/embolism.

Deficiency of magnesium is known to lead to anxiety, irritability, anger, 
insomnia and mood swings; all features reported in vampires, especially 
when deprived of sustenance.

|RK0Physiology:|WX0
Respiration in the vampire does not involve the lungs at all. Pending full 
dissection and analysis, it is impossible to conjecture in detail on the 
chemical processes involved. Oxygen-based respiration would present a 
serious risk of spontaneous combustion, and this may explain the vampire's 
need for fresh blood; the oxygen held in oxyhaemoglobin can be stored by 
the vampire, enabling controlled and safe combination with magnesium to 
produce copious energy. The freedom from requiring 10+ respirations per 
minute would significantly facilitate inactivity and hibernation. Spared 
the need for maintaining mammalian temperatures, energy requirements can 
be reduced to near zero for extended periods.

Nutrition, for all living organisms, is about meeting the needs of growth and 
repair, plus energy for activities of life. For the vampire, a magnesium-based 
physiology allows the body to function like a fuel cell; power is available for 
concerted activity, while prolonged rest following binge consumption allows for 
regeneration and repair processes. Unlike in human anatomy, the vampire kidney 
appears adapted to preserving magnesium with great efficiency; extraction from 
the liquid diet might be sufficient for the vampire lifestyle.

Reproduction does not exist within vampire communities; human anatomy 
maintained at low temperatures, without carbon/oxygen metabolism could not 
function; procreation could not occur. While this means the inconvenience of 
'recruiting' new blood, it also means that the energy of child rearing is not 
expended.

|RK0Growth and Aging:|WX0 
Vampires are normally recruited as adults; no significant growth appears to 
be required, and longevity is a well documented feature; with periods of 
inactivity and virtual hibernation, individual vampires are known to have lived 
for centuries.

Repair processes appear to very efficient, with activity hardly affected by 
multiple magical or stab wounds, and complete recovery from severe injuries 
within a few days.
